
Page :1 of 146 
Chapter One Well, really, things just couldn’t get much worse. Addison sat in her older brother’s office, numbness wrapping itself around her like a heavy blanket. She was officially banned from her sorority, not that she cared much, since school was awful just at the moment, as was her sorority. But still, leaving of her own accord would’ve hurt a lot less. They hadn’t exactly said the word banned, but the sorority’s president had made it abundantly clear that Addison’s presence was a “distraction.” And that links to “prostitution” and “snipers” were not exactly fitting with the relaxing environment of sisterhood and education they were so striving for. Well, obviously. But nobody seemed worried about whether or not Addison felt she had sisterhood, or a relaxing environment for education. She had nothing. Her father had been killed in front of her only days after she discovered he was he was running a prostitution ring, behind the facade of a law office that championed for the downtrodden. She’d lost not only her father, but the memory of him and any bit of safety and security she’d ever felt in her name, or in her family home. Her sorority might be disturbed by associations with snipers’ bullets piercing the windows of the wealthy and elite at midnight, and with associations to sex rings and scandal, but she could guarantee it was a lot worse for her. Added to that, her boyfriend, Eddie, was suddenly and conveniently on vacation in Bermuda, and while he sent his regrets, he could not interrupt his vacation. Which she had a sinking feeling meant that her rather distant boyfriend was putting more distance between them now, thanks to the scandal. Her schooling was on temporary hiatus, and she was finishing what she could online because campus was impossible for her to navigate. What with male students asking if she sold her favors, wink, wink, nudge, nudge, since her father had obviously dealt in sex, and with most female students now avoiding her so they didn’t get her contaminants on them. Truly, people were terrible. Her father had been shot and killed in front of her, and she’d had to go to his funeral. A funeral she, her brother and her mother had had to put on as though they still cared because even given what he’d done, none of them could quite bring themselves to leave Jason’s body in an unmarked grave. Though the marker on his grave was bland enough. Jason Treffen, 1955–2014. No beloved father, beloved husband, beloved boss. He wasn’t beloved by a single person by the time that bullet passed through him. And it was his own fault. As more and more details emerged, it became harder to remember him as the man she’d always believed he was. Instead her old, beautiful memories were twisting. Making it hard to see anything other than the monster. And just as well. Even in death, he hurt others. He was gone, and they were all left to deal with the fallout. They were all coping in the best way they could. For her brother, Austin, it meant hoping his legacy as a true advocate for women never fell under the shadow of what their father was. It meant working harder, with even greater integrity than he had to begin with. For her future sister-in-law, Katy, it meant living with the crushing death of her sister, trying to move on and make Sarah’s life matter, through the foundation she was establishing. For Addison’s mother it seemed to mean blocking out the world and shoe shopping. Addison had no idea what it meant for her. Which was why she was sitting in her brother’s office when she should have been in class. “Are you okay?” Austin asked, studying her from his position behind his desk. She smiled, knowing that Austin would see through her, no matter how convincing a smile might appear. “Wonderful, aren’t you?” “I think I’m doing better than you are. But then, I have someone I’m sharing all this with.” “Yes, I know. You’re in love, Austin. It’s impossible to miss.” His lips curved up into a smile. “Yeah, I am.” “I’m pleased for you.” He lifted his hand and threw a bag of Skittles down onto the desk in front of her. “Sugar,” he said. “Your favorite variety. Eat.” Austin had always brought her candy. He was so much older it had been hard for them to relate to each other in some ways, but he’d always brought her treats when they spent time together. And as a result, she had a slight Skittles habit she couldn’t kick. All thanks to her older brother. They wouldn’t taste half as good if they didn’t come with memories of better days. She took the bag and tore the corner off, pouring some of the candy into her hand, and rattling it around in her palm before rolling them onto the table and slowly sorting them into color-coded piles. “What’s going on? You’re being really nice to me.”
Page :2 of 146 
“You’ve been through hell the past couple weeks. And it pisses me off. Because I worked damn hard to bring that bastard down and try and to make sure you and Mom didn’t suffer needlessly.” He paused and looked out the window. “I tried, Addison. I tried to make things right. For Sarah. For Katy, for every woman he hurt. And the last thing I wanted to do was hurt anyone. Especially Mom. Especially you.” “I’m fine, Austin,” she said, sliding the red group of Skittles from the table, into her hand, the strong fruit flavors exploding on her tongue before fizzling into sour sugar. “I’m not sure I would be fine if I saw what you did.” A sharp, shocking flash of that night assaulted her mind’s eye, and with it, the familiar ice-cold fear. But there was no point in heaping guilt on Austin. No point in betraying just how horrific it had been. No point in telling him every night she woke up drenched in sweat and shivering, feeling as if demons were reaching for her in the dark. “It was awful,” she said, putting the candy down. “I won’t lie. But I was smart enough not to go and investigate closely. I went in the bathroom and called 911. I was scared, but…I didn’t see much.” Not that it stopped the unending terror. But her older brother carried too much on his shoulders already. And if there was one thing Jason Treffen had passed on to her, it was the ability to appear cool while the world burned to ash around you. “That’s…good.” She shrugged, pouring more candy into onto the table, pushing the green in with the green, the purple in with the purple, wondering if she was overplaying the casual attitude. Wondering if Austin would even notice something was wrong. Austin was a caring older brother, but he was more than ten years older than her. And he’d moved out when she was a kid. He was always nice, but in general he’d seemed like an adult to her ever since she could remember. One thing he’d always been was a bearer of candy. Oh yes, and protective. Very protective. And no, she wasn’t…okay. But she just had to deal with what had happened. And talking about it over Skittles and coffee wasn’t going to help that happen. “And school?” “Well…I’ve been politely ejected from my sorority…” His dark eyebrows snapped together. “That’s bullshit. I’ll write a letter.” “I left of my own accord. No one forced me to go. It was just heavily suggested. And who’s going to stay where they aren’t wanted?” That question was punctuated by her eating another grouping of Skittles. “And your boyfriend?” Austin asked, applying a level of disdain to the title that Addison almost found funny. Almost. “In Bermuda, of all places, likely blinding beachgoers with his exposed WASPy kneecaps and trudging around wearing sandals and tube socks, as rich boys are wont to do on holiday.” “That was why he didn’t come to the funeral. I assume that’s why his dad didn’t come either. Or maybe that was them desperately trying not to get scandal all over them. What’s he doing about school?” Addison sighed heavily. “I don’t know, Austin. Are you genuinely concerned for his education?” “Questioning why the hell he’s not with you when you need him.” Addison lifted a shoulder, proud of herself for not flinching when a shaft of pain hit her chest. “Probably because I’m a liability for him too. I understand.” “Why are you with him?” “Because,” she said, “he’s suitable.” Just as Columbia was a suitable university, and her sorority was a suitable house for a Treffen. Just as everything in her life was suitable down to the ground, for a man who was now six feet beneath it. “So, what are you going to do?” Austin asked. “About Edward Howell the Third?” she asked, invoking her boyfriend’s full name. “About school. About where you sleep.” “I don’t know. We have places I can stay, so I’m not really concerned about that. There’s the house upstate, the penthouse. If I really wanted to I could go to Bermuda to Mom and Dad’s beach house.” “Finishing your degree?” “I will,” she said, crossing her ankles and leaning back in her chair. Though right now she wondered what the point of it all would be. She’d pursued Columbia to make Jason proud. And she’d chosen hospitality because she knew it was a field that would benefit a future society wife. Considering how things had turned out, she wondered if any of it mattered. “But right now?”
Page :3 of 146 
“I’m on sabbatical. Because the entire student body is convinced that I am a prostitute because Dad…well, you know.” She tipped the Skittles bag over and poured a sizable amount onto the table. Austin tented his fingers, leveling his dark eyes on her. She had a feeling he was about to try and solve all her problems. He had that look about him. It was very Austiny. “I have a solution for you.” As she’d suspected. “Or rather, I have a way for you to spend your time.” “Please tell me it has nothing to do with planning your wedding. I love you. I love Katy, but…pay someone to do that. You’re rich. There is no reason to subject friends and family to this.” “I know. But I can’t because my wife-to-be is a party planner, and binders with colored tabs make her…well, let’s just say the whole thing works out well for me.” She blinked. “Thank you for oversharing.” “I could have gone further.” “Well, don’t. Ever. I’m pleased for your happiness…but I’m your sister and no, I don’t need to hear about all that.” “I’ll spare you the details,” he said, still looking too smug for her liking. “But back to my plan, which has nothing to do with you looking at flower arrangements.” “I’m listening.” “You know Logan Black, I assume?” “Everyone knows Logan Black, Austin. He was the only headline in the world two years ago. He got more press than Dad, and that’s saying something. He came back from the dead, after all.” “Fair point,” Austin said. “I assume, since you’re aware of his circumstances, you’re also aware that he’s now the acting CEO of Black Properties.” “I’m aware of that, yes. I do own a TV. Also, I make it a point to stay abreast of things that affect high society. Lest I appear gauche at luncheons,” she said, her tone dry. “Logan and I knew each other in college. He’s…a friend. Or rather…I think he’s a friend. What passes for a friend to Logan isn’t the same as friendship for most people. At least not these days.” “What does this have to do with me?” “Because I got you an internship with him.” “What?” “Unpaid drudge work with the man at the top of your industry. You’re welcome.” She blinked. “You’re assuming I actually want to work in that industry.” “Actually I’m assuming that you’d like to escape the press.” The media had been in a frenzy ever since the story broke about Jason. And now the press was camped outside their house upstate, the event of a death intense enough for them to break their moratorium on leaving the city, and outside Austin’s office building. They were also roaming around the Manhattan penthouse her mother owned. “And you honestly think taking an internship with Black will help me avoid the press?” “If there’s one thing Black knows, it’s how to stay out of the spotlight when he wants to. No one has to know you’re there. And if the press does find out you’re there, it won’t seem at all unusual given your field of study.” Addison leaned back in her chair. “You’ve thought a lot about this, haven’t you?” “Handy thing about guilt, it can really tap in to your problem-solving skills.” Austin stood and started to pace the length of the room. “Logan Black is not someone I would typically want you around, given his reputation. But he seems to have calmed down some. Since his resurrection.” Austin wasn’t wrong. About the chance to hide out from the press, or about Logan Black. Considering his story, Logan should’ve been a media darling. But the man had a knack for staying out of the spotlight when he wanted to. He had changed a lot in the past four years. Two of which he’d spent presumed dead. And when he came back, the playboy had transformed into something else entirely. A ruthless businessman who, by all accounts, was difficult, demanding, unpredictable. And reclusive. And Austin had set her up to work with him. For free. Her month really was getting better and better. But considering her situation, she didn’t have a better option. She was tired of being hounded by the press, and she needed to keep busy. Otherwise she would end up curled into a sugarcoated ball of misery. Reliving that night over, and over. The night that everything had gone to hell. The night her father had most certainly gone to hell. “He’s…” Addison started, not really sure how to broach the topic of Logan. Or how to express her concerns. Going from living with one male psychopath to another wasn’t exactly what she wanted.
Page :4 of 146 
Not that Logan was a confirmed psychopath, but… She started again. “He’s not the same.” “He’s not,” Austin said. “But he’s not going to hurt you either. Actually I would have trusted him with you a whole lot less before than I do now. I mean, at least he’s not going around seducing everything in a skirt.” “I prefer to wear pantsuits in the office. And you’re assuming I’m seduceable.” Austin’s expression turned fierce. “No, I’m assuming nothing about you. But what I do know is that I’m slightly wary of men who treat women like they exist for nothing more than sex. I don’t want you exposed to anything like that.” “You mean you don’t want me to be exposed to anything like that again. You forget I lived with our father for almost all of my life, and he was certainly one of those men. Wasn’t he?” A small part of her hoped that Austin would say no. A small part of her was still hoping to wake up and find this was all a terrible mistake. “He was,” Austin said, his tone grave. “But Logan isn’t. Not now. And that’s all I mean.” Addison cleared her throat. “Great. That’s…I mean, this is great, Austin. Thank you.” “And he’ll provide lodging.” She arched her eyebrows, a strange jolt of foreboding settling in her stomach. “Will he?” “Yes. He was quite adamant about that. It has to do with his work schedule, and you’ll be fulfilling the role of personal assistant. But I think it will be especially good, since you don’t have the sorority house, and since the press seems to be permanently camped outside Treffen residences.” “Probably suits you too. Related to you being in love, you don’t want me in your penthouse…being in your way.” Austin was entirely head over heels for his fiancée, in ways Addison could not imagine ever being for anyone. But while she didn’t relate to exactly what he was feeling, she logically understood that he would rather be alone with Katy than sharing his space with her. The corner of his mouth lifted. “Well, that too. Without going into emotionally scarring details.” “You’re too kind, Austin.” “Hey, a chance to stay in a luxury hotel and live in style, while taking a break from school? That’s not bad.” “And who’s going to pay for my ‘living in style’?” “Me. And then Dad’s big effing insurance payout.” She made a face. “I don’t really like taking money from him. Money from what he did.” “Like it or not,” Austin said, turning his chair to face the city skyline, “our entire life was financed by him.” She stared straight ahead, her vision blurring. “What a legacy.” “Yeah. So let’s make it a better one.” Addison pushed the individual Skittles piles together. “Yes. Let’s do that.” She would. She would make things better somehow. Even if it just started with her being a good intern. Because she wasn’t just lying down and giving up, no matter what the people around her seemed to think. Her life wasn’t over. It was just beginning. Chapter Two Logan Black looked out the window, directly across from his desk. The view of Fifth Avenue was both entrancing and slightly off-putting. Depending on his mood. And his moods were subject to change at a moment’s notice. The streets were packed with cars, nothing unusual, but the kind of thing that made his vision swim when it caught him off guard. Like just now. He should have closed the curtains. He turned his focus away from the view and leaned back in his chair, looking at the time displayed on his phone. Addison Treffen was due to arrive any moment. The beautiful daughter of the recently murdered Jason Treffen. If her brother hadn’t called in the favor, he would have happily chosen almost anyone else. There was no place for soft, beautiful women in his life. Not now. But Austin was one of the few people who tried to maintain a friendship with him since his return. And while Logan hadn’t done much to reciprocate, the gesture was appreciated. Still, the idea of bringing Addison into Black Book, keeping her here… Yesterday, it had seemed that it might work. Today, he was less certain. He was used to that. To his moods changing like the tide. To New York feeling like a storm he could swim through one day—and one that would drown him in the depths the next. Some days were much harder than others and he could never quite pinpoint what kind of day it would be. It usually started with shoes. That was often the biggest clue. How much did they bother him when he put them on? How much did he resent having to wear them?
Page :5 of 146 
If the shoes were a problem, it was a fair bet that the Manhattan streets would be too. That the traffic below would feel like his own personal hell. Shoes had been a problem this morning. Which meant his meeting with Addison would be interesting indeed. Though it occurred to him he might need to put his shoes on before she arrived. He looked down at the pair of shoes and socks beneath his desk. Just a standard pair of black dress socks, and a pair of very expensive, handmade leather shoes. He’d left them under there last night after he kicked them off. Funny, he’d owned the shoes for something like five years now, but they’d rarely been worn. In part because they’d been new when he left, and in part because since he’d returned he worn them as little as possible. He didn’t want to wear them. So he wouldn’t. Ms. Treffen would learn very quickly what it was to work with him. He did not bend for convention. He forced others to bend to him. But he was aware now of what was necessary and what was simply an extra rule imposed by society. He’d been a man stripped down to nothing. A man at his simplest, at his darkest. Where there was nothing more than life or death. Where there certainly weren’t rules about what sort of shoes he should wear into work. Or if he should wear them at all. Though he realized that whether he cared or not, others did. He also realized that sometimes there was a lot of power in making others uncomfortable. There was a knock at his office door, and he knew it had to be her. Because she was the only person the front desk had permission to allow up. And because he didn’t like being paged over the intercom, a knock was the only way anyone could signal their presence. There were a lot of things he didn’t like now. One of the many reasons his old friends, barring Austin Treffen, seemed to find him boring these days. But it didn’t bother him. The feeling was entirely mutual. “Come in,” he said, putting his hands on his desk, palms down, as strange, restless energy surging through him. It was like this with people. Always. The door cracked open, and she led with her leg. A shapely, stocking-clad leg. There was no avoiding the fact that it was a nice leg. That wasn’t even up for debate. Even in his twisted brain, where things often seemed backward or upside down, a nice leg made sense. The woman that followed the leg was even better than the body part in isolation. Blond, petite, with blue eyes that were like a deep, clear sea. Her lips were full, a pale pink not like anything found in nature on his island. It was far too delicate a shade. She was wearing a white skirt that tapered to fit her shape, ending just below her knee, a matching, fitted jacket conforming to her curves. And on her feet, adding, he had no doubt, to the shapeliness of her legs, were a pair of black high heels that added nearly four inches to her height and likely pushed her feet into a near-impossible position. He’d never given much thought to women’s shoes prior to his experience on the island. But now that he resented his own footwear so damn much, he couldn’t help wondering just how contorted Addison’s feet would be in something like that. Though the wonderment in no way detracted from her legs. Every part of Addison Treffen was exquisite. Photos of her in the news didn’t do her justice. “Mr. Black,” she said, his eyes level with his. “I’m Addison Treffen. My brother arranged this meeting and—” “I’m fully aware of the details of the arrangement.” She blinked, her expression remaining neutral. “Well, I had thought it possible my brother spoke with someone you worked for.” “One thing you will learn about me, Ms. Treffen—nothing happens here without my approval. And no one would be permitted in my office, on my floor, in my hotel, without my arranging it.” The hardness in his tone didn’t ruffle her. The petite, small-framed woman with her smooth hair, skin and clothes, staring him down with an expression that bordered on serenity, was not at all what he’d expected. “Was the hotel room on offer for anyone who took up the spot?” she asked, her fingers shifting on her handbag, the only slight tell of nerves he’d seen since she walked in. “Yes,” he said. “I understand that an internship, an unpaid one, is not the easiest thing to negotiate, so it seemed a nice offer.” And in addition to that, he rarely left the hotel. Which meant any assistant of his had to be here. “Technically, that makes it paid in a way,” she said. “If you like.” She smiled and for a moment he was at a loss as to the appropriate social response. Smile back, obviously.
Page :6 of 146 
Yes. Obviously. He smiled, but had a feeling it looked more like a grimace. “Have a seat,” he said, gesturing to the chair that was situated across from his desk. She crossed the room and complied, her gold bag held tight against her stomach, her hands wrapped around it like claws. Still, her overall demeanor was calm and when she sat, some of the tension eased from her hands. “I’m sorry,” she said, “it’s been a strange couple of weeks. To say the least.” “I heard about your father,” he said, watching her expression. Something kicked over in him, reminding him that he had skipped something important. Something appropriate. “I’m sorry.” The words came too late to seem genuine. She remained utterly still in her chair, stiff, unmoving. “I’m sorry I had to see it.” The thought of this soft creature witnessing the death of her own father twisted something deep inside him and left behind an emotion that held a vague echo of sympathy. He knew what that was like. To be jolted out of your privilege and headfirst into every ugly thing the world held. She didn’t deserve it. It could be argued that he had. “So,” he said, changing the subject, “what is it you want to get out of this time at Black Properties?” “I’m here to learn. I’d like to open a hotel someday, a small one. So I think anything I can learn from you would be valuable.” “And what about school?” “I’m going to school. I’m a senior at Columbia and should be graduating at the end of the year. Majoring in business, minoring in hospitality. I would love to finish on campus, but at the moment that is…difficult. I’m making arrangements with my professors.” “But you will finish,” he said. She raised an eyebrow. “Because school is important?” “Not particularly,” he said. “Oh,” she said, her lips making the shape of the word and holding for a moment before she continued. “I’ve never had a job. I went from living at home to going to school. And my parents always took care of me. They still sort of are.” “Are you trying to dissuade me from giving you the position?” “I don’t know. Maybe. The alternative is hiding out somewhere until the press goes away.” “Or you can hide here,” he said. “And you can get work experience. How does that sound?” “It sounds slightly more productive than my plan.” “Is that a yes?” “Why not?” “Not a very definitive answer,” he said. “But one I’ll take.” He rose from his position behind the desk and Addison followed his lead. He watched her movements. Graceful, poised. She was the product of an aristocratic family, as he had been. She’d been given every tool to succeed from an early age, a private school education of the highest quality that had turned each movement into art, and conversation into a performance. There had been a time when he’d had those things, but they were lost to him now. Funny how two years of solitude could break a lifetime of habits. He was rarely conscious of it anymore, but something about Addison forced him to be. Perhaps it was the contrast. The society sweetheart who still lived in it, and society’s favorite former playboy who had retreated so far into the darkness he could only peer in on the world he’d once belonged to. Not because the door was locked, but because he couldn’t remember why in hell he’d ever wanted to be part of it. Because even if he wanted it, he wouldn’t be able to. Just the thought of it made a cold sweat break out on his neck, made a sick sensation slip down into his stomach. No, it wasn’t even a possibility for him. And he didn’t want it to be anyway. “Would you like a rundown on your responsibilities?” he asked. “Aside from making you coffee or tea?” “I don’t drink coffee,” he said. “Or tea.” “Oh.” “Or alcohol.” “Oh,” she said again, a crease appearing between her finely arched eyebrows. “I never got used to it again,” he said. “Alcohol just makes me vomit. Coffee gives me a headache.” Possibly too frank judging by the brief contortion of her lips. He could never seem to strike the right balance. “I see. So…what do I get you, then?” “I can tell you’re already slightly concerned that rumors of my mental state are true,” he said, watching the momentary flicker in her expression, which was now smooth as glass. As telling as any expression of horror could ever be. “But not wanting a shot of whiskey after dinner doesn’t make me crazy.”
Page :7 of 146 
He walked out from behind his desk, and her eyes fell to his bare feet. She blinked a couple of times. “Not wanting a shot of whiskey after dinner doesn’t make me crazy,” he repeated, “but there are other things.” “I see.” She cleared her throat and took a breath, looking back at his face as if she was determined to skip over the lack of shoes. “What do I do for you, then?” she asked, the softly spoken, crisply articulated words moving over his skin like a breeze that signaled an impending storm. “If I can’t make you coffee or pour you a drink.” “You can start by fielding the endless messages I get every day.” “Pardon my impertinence, but why is it you don’t have a paid PA or secretary for this?” “They keep quitting,” he said. “Hence the internship. I needed someone with no job experience who couldn’t just go out and find another position.” “Why is that?” He looked back down at his feet, then back up at her, the left side of his mouth turned up of its own volition. “You’ll see, I imagine.” Her blue eyes remained level with his. Unblinking. “I have a feeling I will. So, would you mind giving me directions to my room?” she asked. The idea of her wandering around on his floor without direction made his pulse spike. For the first time, he questioned the wisdom of allowing her to stay here. But it made sense. And she was just a woman. Nothing to get crazy about. “I’ll show you to your room,” he said. “Did you bring your things?” “Yes,” she said. “The staff assured me that they would be sent up ahead of me.” “And yet you were still testing me. Seeing if I would dismiss you. Hoping I would?” She smoothed her hair. “Probably that’s what I was doing, yes.” “Why?” “Because I can’t just turn you down. Austin would have a fit.” “Would he?” “He thinks he’s taking care of me… I think he believes this internship is going to magically fix everything that I’ve been through recently. It’s not that simple.” “You’re preaching to the converted,” he said. “I know all about that.” “I imagine you do. Which brings me back to the question, what drink do I bring you? Should I juice a pineapple?” He nearly laughed at that. The impulse was strange and unfamiliar. “Water,” he said. “Water?” “That’s all you need, isn’t it?” “Most men I’ve met are more concerned with want than need. Sometimes it seems like want must be…more important.” She sounded confused by the concept. As though she didn’t operate on that level. But he knew differently. A woman like Addison Treffen couldn’t possible know about self-denial. “Here it is,” he said. “But there are a lot of other places where that isn’t the case. I can think of one in particular.” The corners of her lips turned down. “I apologize. For the comment about the pineapple. It’s probably not something you like people to make joke about.” He thought about it for a moment, processing the feeling he’d had when she made her pineapple juice comment. Sometimes it took a while for him to evaluate what he felt when he talked to people because he’d spent so long feeling nothing. Well, nothing nuanced. Elation, rage, terror and despair were his primary emotions. The rest had been squeezed down and sorted into one of those four. “It doesn’t bother me,” he said finally, because that was true enough. “Actually people don’t like to mention it, unless they want to grill me, and I’d prefer a casual joke to that.” “Well, that’s good to know. Or not, if I’m still trying to get you to fire me.” “You may as well stick this out. You don’t have any better prospects and I’m willing to bet that after your father’s assassination no one will want you around.” “I think the assassination bothers them less than the fact that he dealt in…very unsavory things, but I could be wrong.” “Are you in danger?” he asked. “Would it bother you if I was? Because if the grudge was against the Treffen family, it could make me a hazard.” “No, it wouldn’t bother me.” For some reason the idea of a rogue gunman bothered him less than stepping out onto the city streets. He’d given up trying to make sense of himself. “Oh,” she said. “Well, anyway, the best the police can figure is that it was a professional hit. My father was targeted because he was prepared to accept a plea bargain. To name names in order to shorten his sentence. So it has nothing to do with me, because I know nothing.”
Page :8 of 146 
“One hopes the sniper knows that.” She blinked rapidly. “Thank you for that.” “Sorry,” he said, knowing the words had little weight. He barely felt them at all. “Sometimes I’m too blunt.” “Strange. I was expecting a little more charm. Especially given that, from what I’ve heard, you’re a notorious playboy.” “I haven’t been one of those for quite some time. That was in my other life. Now, would you like to see your room?” * Addison looked at the man, taller than she’d anticipated. She’d only ever seen Logan Black on TV. Years ago as the playboy moving his way through all of Manhattan’s socialites—her being an exception, as she was barely legal at the time—and now as the miracle heir to Black Properties, back from the dead after two years. Pictures that had flashed onto the television and on newsstands then had been filled with a thinner, more hollow-cheeked version of him. Long hair, a beard. More Swiss Family Robinson than Swiss banker. But none of those articles or clips on TV had prepared her for the presence of the man. Of course, he was frequently mentioned in business news now, the photo of the grinning playboy back, in place of the gaunt castaway. Before his time away, he’d always been a heartthrob. His lean frame and wicked smile had dropped panties from St. Bart’s to the Upper East Side. He was different now. He didn’t smile. Any snapshots she’d seen on TV recently were definitely old. Because this Logan didn’t look capable of a real smile. And the spark was gone from his eyes. He was larger too. Broader. Any hint of boyishness was gone now. “Yes,” she said, the word coming slowly. “I think I would like to see my room.” Logan circled around behind her and Addison felt like prey being hunted by some kind of big jungle cat. And she had the feeling she was willingly walking into his den. “I’m happy to take you there.” “Thanks,” she said, trying to force some air into her lungs. Something about him made it hard to breathe. Which was strange because she didn’t usually have that issue with men, even nice-looking ones. Her aim had always been simple. To conform, to please. To try and gain that elusive, impossible approval from a father who had never deserved that kind of devotion. Not from her or anyone. So she’d dated one man, the man she’d been expected to date since before she was old enough to even have a crush on a boy. And that relationship had been…passionless didn’t begin to cover it. It had been an obligation. Because Eddie was the son of one of the firm’s partners. And they were expected, she was sure, to have some kind of dynastic union      . Now that she thought about it, and his behavior, she had a feeling he was as coerced as she was. With all that tied up in her dating life, she hadn’t really looked at men recreationally. Good-looking guys didn’t thrill her. Usually. This one seemed to be choking her. “Great, thanks,” she said. “I have some things to do.” “You have some work to do.” “Could I get a moment to set up?” she asked. He assessed her, his expression unreadable. Well, this was going to be a long few months. “I suppose.” “You’re going to be fun,” she said, “I can tell.” “No. I won’t be. Ask anyone who knows me.” He pulled open the office door and held it for her and she walked out in front of him, a whisper of electricity shimmering over her skin, a shot of nerves settling in her stomach. Having him behind her made her uncomfortable. And she couldn’t quite figure out why. Maybe it was because in many ways he seemed to resemble a predator more than a man. There was something untamed about him, which was a strange thought, here in the middle of a highly polished hotel. That added to it. Heightened the contrast. They walked down the long, dimly lit hallways. The wall sconces casting glimmering light onto the polished black marble, the tiles shimmering like an oil slick. The deep purple walls reminiscent of an old-fashioned gaming house. Rich with decadence and sin. A shining mix of Victorian Gothic elegance with an edge of modernity. Several stages of civilization represented under one roof, with a man that seemed to possess only the thinnest veneer of the civilized. And no shoes. Or maybe she was crazy, and because of that, she was overthinking. Considering all she’d been through lately, that thought wasn’t completely without merit. Actually the fact that she wasn’t showing signs of crazy seemed to worry the people in her life a lot more than witnessing her having a mental breakdown might have.
Page :9 of 146 
Which reminded her that she owed Nora a text. Nora was sort of acting as “big sister by default”, since Harlow was in Europe working an internship in the European branch of her father’s law firm. Another pocket of the world no doubt hit hard by Jason’s uncovering, and his demise. She wondered how it was there. How Harlow, and everyone, was doing. Harlow had been Addison’s assigned big sister in the sorority house when Addison first pledged, and she still seemed to feel the need to take care of her. As Harlow’s best friend, Nora was filling in that overprotective gap since Harlow had gone off to Europe. It was hard for Addison to feel close to people. It always had been, with her father’s presence in her life looming so large, his expectations so daunting she had a tendency to hold people at a distance. Harlow was the person she’d been closest to at school, and when she’d graduated two years earlier, Addison had felt alone again. Even more so since she left the country. It had only been six months since Harlow left, and it felt like a lifetime since they’d all stood around, toasting her success. Now she doubted Harlow was feeling so triumphant. She had to wonder if her friend felt it was all tainted since the revelation about Jason. Harlow had always been involved in human rights volunteer groups at school, and over the last year, her focus had been turned to human trafficking, and how she could use her law degree to combat it. All a bit too close to Jason’s poison of choice. That made her want to avoid Nora and Harlow even more. She was embarrassed. That she was connected to Jason. That she cared about Jason. That part of her grieved him. But, as so few people seemed to care, unless they shared the same last name she did, she supposed she should try and placate Nora with an “I’m fine” text. It wasn’t what she wanted. She wanted to hide. For the next decade. Maybe right here in Logan’s hotel. Possibly forever. So she could find a way to be Addison Treffen again. Rather than Addison Treffen, the daughter of the man who victimized countless women, and who was shot in front of her by a sniper. And the girl who then huddled in the bathroom until the police came, and even then had to be essentially forced out of the corner she’d wedged herself into. Maybe if she hid under the covers long enough, she would find out she’d been sleeping the whole time. That it was all just a dream. Stranger things had happened, surely. Maybe she would wake up and find out that her father wasn’t evil. Distant, yes. But not a pimp. Not dead. She stopped, reaching up to touch one of the ornate gold light fixtures, the metal burning the tip of her finger. She hissed and pulled her hand back. The heat seeping into her fingertips didn’t lie. She was awake. This was reality. Her head started to thud, the floor feeling unsteady against her feet. She looked back at her escort, who was standing a few paces behind her, his face shrouded in shadow, light casting a spray of brightness over his broad chest and shoulders, his neat black tie. Then he stepped forward, the light bursting over his face, sharp cheekbones, blue eyes and his lips… They were still wicked. As if they belonged to a playboy he’d been. But his eyes…they were cold. The chill reaching in and making her shiver deep inside. She didn’t know what to do with that. She wouldn’t know what to do with that on a normal day, and today was not a normal day. “So…I don’t know where I’m going.” The corner of his mouth lifted. A smile attempt. She’d seen him do it a couple of times now, and each instance rang false. “End of the hall.” “Okay, thank you.” She turned away from him and continued walking, stopping at the ornate black door at the very end of the corridor. “You can program the door with your own code,” he said. “It can be whatever you like. You can do it all from your phone. Now, I can override it, but I probably won’t,” he added, reaching past her and entering in number on the keypad quickly. “You probably won’t?” “Never say never.” The light on the door handle turned green, and then he stood back, as if waiting for her move. “You really could say never to invading my privacy,” she said. “With the way my life has gone so far, I never discount anything. Now go in. Or go home.” “Is this my out?” she asked, her throat dry. His lips curved upward again, and this time, there was no mistaking—at all—that this wasn’t a smile in the way other people meant them. This was predatory. Deadly. Once again, she had the strange feeling she’d gone from the frying pan into the fire.
Page :10 of 146 
“Are you afraid of me?” he asked. “No,” she said, trying to keep her breathing steady. He moved away from her then, his gaze steady on hers. “Interesting.” “What does that mean?” she asked, keeping her tone steady. “Interesting.” “Just what it means. Interesting.” “Well, then.” She reached past him and pushed the door open. The room was…well, as expected, she supposed, but unexpected in a way that she never could have anticipated either. A giant four-poster bed with black, wooden columns that nearly touched the ceiling took up most of the space in the room. There was a desk in the corner, fashioned like an ornate writing desk, but obviously equipped for modern conveniences. In the opposite corner was a large wingback chair and a little table. Probably intended to be eaten at. Or not. Perhaps the person this room was designed to accommodate was supposed to eat out with friends or family. But not her. Because her family had their own issues, her friends—such as they were—were gone. And if she dined out, it would just be Addison and the paparazzi. “I only meant I will be interested to see if that changes,” he said, still in the doorway. He hadn’t crossed the threshold. “I have plenty of time to frighten you.” The air in her lungs contracted, making it difficult to breathe. He almost sounded as though he wanted to scare her. And the really strange thing was…not even that scared her. She was…numb. Numb except for that strange bit of something she felt when she looked at him. “Could I have a few moments?” she asked. She needed time alone. Needed some time to try and orient herself to her surroundings. To her life. “If you need to. But I expect to see you again in a couple of hours.” “As you wish,” she said, unsurprised when the movie reference failed to make him smile. He turned away from her, his broad back filling the door frame, before he closed the door behind him without giving her another glance. She walked over to her bag, like a robot completing motions it had been programmed to do. She opened it and took out her computer, going to the wingback chair and setting the laptop on the small table, situating herself so that she was in a rather uncomfortable, rigid position. She typed in her password and opened her email, waiting for the client to wake up and connect to her inbox. No new messages. Well, that sounded about right. She thought back to all the people she’d known over the years. To cocktail parties and luncheons and teas. She did well in those venues. She always knew what to say, knew how to keep inoffensive conversation flowing. But outside of those settings? She didn’t know those people. They didn’t know her. Were they in her position, a liability to the ease of a dinner party, she doubted she would be in touch either. Because dealing with serious issues required a depth that none of her relationships seemed to have. She was aware of a lot of people, and a lot people were aware of her. She wasn’t certain if anyone knew her. If she really knew anyone. Especially after discovering her father had a secret life…she wasn’t sure she knew anyone at all. The closest thing to friends she still had were Nora and Harlow. And that meant there could be no more contact avoidance. She took her phone out of her pocket, typing in a quick text. Things are OK. Austin got me an internship with Black Properties, so I’ll be busy. Don’t worry. She also felt as if her insides were imploding, but she didn’t want to tell anyone that. Because there was no place for that. It wasn’t pleasant. It wasn’t fun. It wasn’t what people wanted to hear. If there was one thing she’d been trained in, it was the fine art of talking about what people wanted to talk about. Pain was not one of those things. A message pinged back a couple of seconds later. Great news! Hey, have you heard from Harlow at all lately? She’s not answering texts. No. But I haven’t tried in a while. K. If you hear from her let me know? Sure. Addison put her phone down and frowned before pulling up a new email message. She typed in Harlow’s name. Hey, sorry to bug you. I know you’ve been working hard. And I really hope things haven’t been shaken up too much, given…recent events. But Nora and I are getting concerned, so please touch base? —A She closed her computer and let the silence in the room settle over her. It felt thick. Oppressive. She was used to a large house full of staff and movement. A sorority house full of talking and laughter. For a hotel, the Black Book was strangely quiet. At least on this floor. She felt like throwing herself on the bed and crying. Wailing. Filling the silence. But some voice, her mother’s, her father’s maybe, whispered in her ear and said ladies in Chanel skirts didn’t thrown themselves around.
Page :11 of 146 
Not that she felt much like a lady. She felt like a wraith. And she imagined they were genderless. Or, at the very least, that they didn’t have to care about what anyone thought about the way they lay down. Still, she sat in the chair, her posture so rigid her neck ached. Her eyes ached too. She was arid. Her eyes were dry. Her brain was dry. She couldn’t think. She couldn’t feel. Not anything other than this stale, crackling burning that pervaded her entire body and left her feel like that patchwork dirt you saw in desert climates. She just felt fuzzy and disconnected. She suddenly noticed a little white card, folded like a tent on the edge of the table. She reached out and picked it up, reading the embossed lettering on the front. Welcome to Black Book. Download the Black Book app to create your unique pass code. She pulled up the app store on her phone and searched for Black Book, finding the app with an insignia matching the little white card and loading it. Then she opened it. It pulled up a white screen with black script and four blank boxes that were, she imagined, for numbers. She entered in the digits for her mother’s birthday, and it accepted them. Then she closed the app and set her phone on the table, trying to decide if she should leave it on. She decided to switch it off. To give herself some time to be alone. To be inaccessible. She couldn’t remember the last time she’d done that. It wasn’t good hostess behavior, that was for sure. But she wasn’t hosting anything. And no one was inviting her. And Jason was dead. So why not break a few of his rules? At least one. She just needed a couple of hours. And she then had to at least go pretend she was living. For Austin. For her mother. She stood from the chair and walked over to the bed, sitting on the edge, fingers curled around the edge of the mattress. Maybe if she faked it long enough, she would start to feel as if it was for her. Chapter Three Her hotel phone ringing woke her up from her nap, which had been about as effective as knocking herself out with blunt trauma. Her head hurt, and she was still tired. She reached across her pillow and picked up the receiver, drawing it up to her ear. “Addison?” She grimaced internally and realized that was probably not the response you wanted to have when you heard your boyfriend’s voice on the other end of the line. But then, something had changed since she last spoke with him. Or a lot of somethings. And he’d just left her to deal on her own. And even weirder than that, she hadn’t been upset at him, because she’d never expected him to stand with her. She’d expected to stand on her own. To stand strong. The way her father had taught her. “Eddie,” she said, “how’s Bermuda?” “I’m back at Columbia. Why was your phone off? Do you know how hard I had to work to track you down?” An apology hovered on the tip of her tongue, and she held it back. Which was the second good socialite rule she’d broken in only a few hours. But there was no one here to see. She took a breath. “Oh, well, that’s…I’m not. I moved out of the sorority house.” “I heard. I wasn’t overly pleased with how you were treated.” She couldn’t tell by the completely unaffected monotone of his voice. But didn’t say so. “I’m fine. Austin made arrangements for me.” She was not fine. But she couldn’t say that. Not even to the man she’d been dating for nearly two years. The man whose lips had touched hers, and whose hands had been….well, frankly, on parts of her body no other man had touched. He hadn’t taken her to bed, but they’d explored certain…things. All over her clothes, of course. All that considered, she would have thought they’d reached a certain level of intimacy. His actions right now seemed to indicate she was wrong about that. “Well, I’m pleased to hear that,” he said, his voice stilted. They sounded like strangers talking to each other. Or an old married couple who’d reached a certain level of indifference. And since they were neither, it was a bit of a disturbing revelation. “Yes,” she said. Why was this hard? What was she supposed to say? “Listen, Addison.” Oh well, he appeared to have something to say. “I know the timing is poor. For both my vacation and for this, but it can’t be helped.” She knew what was coming then. Before he even said the rest. But she didn’t interrupt; she just let him keep talking. “I don’t think this is working between us.” “Right,” she said, unable to say much else, not because she was hurt—but because there was no diplomatic response.
Page :12 of 146 
Her father had been exposed. She’d seen him killed in front of her. She’d left school. She was holed up in a hotel alone. And he just wanted to break up with her. “I have to focus on law school. I have a lot of ground left to cover, and…I’m just not where I need to be for this to work.” Obviously Eddie was as well trained as she was—better, even. He was taking the blame, though he was utterly transparent. He was lying with smooth, even tones and saying what had to be said in order for her to feel better. It was a high-society breakup if there ever was one. “Right,” she said, still not ready to commit to saying anything other than that, her throat tightening, grief, completely unexpected and unwanted, filling her chest. Another abandonment. Another loss. “We’re too young to be as serious as we were.” Suddenly after two years, they were too young. “Of course,” she said. “I don’t want to hurt you,” he said, and she believed it. Because with the way all the other men at school had been treating her since the news about her father came out, it wouldn’t have surprised her if he’d retracted the marriage talk and offered a contract for a purely sexual arrangement. But he hadn’t done that. Eddie was self-interested, but he had a shred of honor. He couldn’t help the self-interest part. It was bred into him. He was a Howell, after all, and they would be working hard to distance themselves from the scandal. If it were even possible. Proving Jason had been hiding his little prostitution ring from firm partners was going to be difficult. She had a feeling Eddie was ready to burn bridges between the two of them, and between himself and his father if necessary. “I know you don’t, Eddie,” she said. He was hurting her, though, and that shocked her. She’d felt numb to his abandonment during the funeral, during these past weeks, but this was so final. She’d lost her friends—such as they were—all except Nora and Harlow. Lost her sorority. Her place at school. And losing Eddie was like having one of the last lifelines cut, leaving her hanging over an unknown abyss, staring into the blackness. Wondering how far she had left to fall. She’d never thought of herself as being dramatic, but here she was, indulging in a little bit of it. “If you ever need anything, Addison, you can call me.” And she could hear, beneath his smooth civility, the desperate plea for her to never use his number again. “Thank you,” she said. “I will.” And she hoped that he could hear, beneath her own civil tone, her resolve to never speak to him again. Her resolve to never even do a Google search of his name to check on his progress. They hung up, and she felt numb, and still a little bit as if she’d been hit in the head. That was over. She was out of the sorority. Harlow hadn’t even returned her email. Her boyfriend had dumped her. And she was living in a hotel with a man who didn’t wear shoes. All in all, things had yet to start looking up. * Addison reappeared in his office, two hours later, looking pale, but as polished as she’d been the first time he saw her. She’d changed her clothes, he noticed. From the pristine white of earlier to a gray dress that conformed to her curves, sleek and wrinkle free. She was everything clean and unruffled. And he found it endlessly fascinating. Imagining what all that softness would feel like beneath his hands. Remember the last time you touched a woman? He curled his hands into fists, rubbing calloused fingertips over his palm. A reminder of why he didn’t deserve softness beneath those hands. Not after what he’d done. She cleared her throat and clasped her hands in front of her. “Is there anything you’d like me to do?” “Answer the phone when it rings,” he said, distantly aware that his tone was harsher than was called for in such a neutral scenario, unable to correct it. “You can sit at my desk.” “And you’ll sit?” “Elsewhere.” “Okay.” She moved over to his desk and sat, rolling the chair forward, looking very clearly confused. He picked up his iPad from the desk, then walked over to the other side of his office and sat on the floor, resting his back against the wall. She looked up but didn’t say anything before looking back down. She wasn’t going to betray the fact that she thought his actions were odd, and he wasn’t going to explain. He looked down at the tablet in his hands and started going through his email. He preferred email because it put the control for the pace of interaction in his hands. Phone calls were not something he enjoyed, but he could handle them. Though having Addison do it instead would certainly make for an easier day.
Page :13 of 146 
He stood after a few minutes, pacing the length of the room, restless energy fueling his veins while Addison sat at his desk, hands folded on the polished surface as she stared straight ahead. Rigid. Unmoving. The sight of her made his clothes feel heavy. Made the weight of being civilized feel too damn intense. She was such a stark reminder of what was expected of him. Of people like them. Of all he couldn’t do. The phone rang and she reached over and picked it up. “Mr. Black’s office. Yes. He’s here.” Well, damn, that negated her presence. He didn’t want the phone passed to him. He arched an eyebrow and she gave him a befuddled look. Then she cleared her throat. “Um…is he free to meet with you? Downtown? I don’t…uh…” He took the phone from her. “Black.” The voice on the other end was familiar, a contractor he’d been working with on his newest project. Converting a row of brownstones into a luxury boutique bed-and-breakfast. “Mr. Black, I want you to come down to the site, if you’re available. There are some things I need you to see.” Logan shifted, imagining what it would be like to go down to the brownstones today. No. The decision was made that quickly. “I am unable to make it today,” he said. “We can hold a video conference if that suits you.” “There’s a lot of damage to the pipes. We’re going to need to replace some. I thought you should see it for yourself.” “I am busy,” he repeated. “It will just have to be handled.” He hung up the phone and turned back to Addison, who was looking slightly shocked now. Finally he’d succeeded in rattling her cool. He wondered how long it would take before he scared her off completely. “What did I say about phone calls?” “You said I was supposed to field your messages. You didn’t say anything about what I was supposed to do with the calls.” He held in a growl and turned away from her, prowling across the length of the office. “Always say I’m too busy to take a call, even if I’m sitting in the corner playing a game on my phone.” Not that he even had games on his phone. “I don’t like to talk to people until I initiate it.” He turned back to her, expecting to find an expression of wide-eyed fear on her face. Instead he saw nothing but serenity. “Okay,” she said, keeping her hands folded in front of her, her shoulders straight. “I don’t like things to be unpredictable,” he said. “I make the phone calls. People come to me. I prefer to do business on my own terms.” “Doesn’t everyone?” she asked. “What does that mean?” “Everyone prefers to do business on their own terms. I mean, everyone prefers to live life on their own terms, but that doesn’t mean it’s possible to do all the time.” “It is if you’re rich enough,” he said. “Was that important?” she asked. “Why?” “It was someone with direct access to you, which I get the feeling you don’t give easily,” she said. “That leads me to assume it’s someone who might have important business with you.” “And if it was?” “Are you too busy to see him?” “You’ve been here for two and a half hours. And for two hours of that time you were taking a nap in your room. What makes you think you’re qualified to comment on how I run my business?” She lifted a shoulder. “I’m not. But that doesn’t mean I’m not going to comment. Or ask you what’s going on.” “You want to play question and answer?” he asked. “We can do that. But you’ll play too.” “Well, that would be one way for us to get to know each other,” she said, smiling brightly. Too brightly in his opinion. Her top layer was starting to show cracks. She was a funny creature, Addison Treffen. She made him want to tear the facade from her. She made him want to see what she was beneath the polished exterior. He had a feeling there was steel beneath the cream and silk on the surface. He wondered if anyone else knew, if anyone else had seen it. He wondered if Addison herself even knew. He was fascinated. And he was so rarely fascinated by people anymore. “What do you want?” he asked. “Right now or philosophically?” She unclasped her hands and traced a circle on the wooden surface of his desk with one slender finger. “Right now I would actually like a coffee. On a broader scale? To make it through this. To come out the other side with some idea of what I’d like to do. I have almost finished my degree. Maybe I could be successful in this industry.” What she said about the industry seemed false. He doubted she cared at all about business. Not right now. What she’d said about surviving…that he believed. That he recognized.
Page :14 of 146 
“A dry goal. Survival.” She was so well trained. So bound by the chains of life. He knew what that was like. And he was free of them. Of course, now he was bound by chains of another kind. Crushing guilt. Regret. Anxiety. Darkness, hot and wet with blood and sweat. Tears. “And what is your goal?” she asked, cutting into his thoughts. “Do I need one?” he asked. “I’m already a billionaire.” “Right. Which means if you didn’t have a goal you could go off somewhere and never work another day.” If only that didn’t sound so enticing. “Impossible,” he said. “I am the savior of Black Properties. The one who will continue to push the company forward. Who will carry out the legacy.” “And the legacy matters?” she asked. “I’m sorry, I only press as one who recently discovered that her legacy is mud.” “Let me tell you a story,” he said, wondering why in hell he was talking to her about this. One thing he didn’t believe in was giving explanations for himself. He didn’t owe his story to anyone. He used their discomfort at his inability to conform to his advantage, and he didn’t apologize for it. And yet something about Addison made him want to talk. And why should he waste a moment justifying that? Even to himself. “When I got on that yacht four years ago I was the despair of my father. And I deserved that. I was given everything from the time I was born, and with it I did nothing. Nothing but spend, coast through school, knowing I would get a pass because my father was David Black, and no one would dare fail his son. In my own mind, I was the damn chosen one, Addison. Nothing could touch me. Nothing was withheld from me. Invincible. A god. For no reason other than that I was born with blue blood and a full bank account.” He watched her face closely, watching for a ripple in the calm. So far, he hadn’t managed it. He continued. “I hate that arrogant man,” he said, “the one who walked onto a yacht four years ago for a weekend of drinking and sex. Who had never in his life spent a penny of his own money. I hate him. As far as I’m concerned he died on that island. Unfortunately my father died in Manhattan, while I was gone. And he will never know any other son than the one he had before. I was the son who made his mother cry, who left headlines that would shame his family. And now I have a second chance. Doesn’t my father deserve his legacy to be carried out? Doesn’t my sister deserve to have the company in good condition?” “Does your sister want to run it?” Addison asked. “No. But it’s the inheritance of future generations, and I’m sure she’d like to have children someday. Those children might appreciate it if their uncle didn’t destroy their legacy. I should think you would understand something about that.” “And your mother?” she asked. “Deserves to be proud of me for once. Not for my sake, but for hers.” “Isn’t the business healthy enough for you to put someone else in charge?” “No,” he said. “At least it wasn’t when I came back. I disappeared. My father died. And for about six months my mother had someone else in the position of CEO and things failed to improve. Then…I was rescued.” It was a strange term for what had happened to him. Because rescue, to him, implied something that was happy. And happy was never the emotion he associated with it. “Back from the dead. My mother lost her husband, but her son had returned. And I owe a debt to my family. I’ve restored what was lost. I intend to make everything stable so that they never have to worry again. So no, I can’t just go off and leave it to rot. Does that answer your questions?” “Almost. Why do you hate the man you were?” “Is that important?” “I’m curious.” She looked down for a moment, then back up. “I’m curious about what it takes to change like you did.” “I hate the man I was because he had everything and with that he did nothing.” “So, what you’re saying is in order to change, it would really help if I hated my former self?” “It doesn’t hurt.” He studied her expression, the unnatural neutrality of it. He wanted to see beneath it. And he had no right to that curiosity. Because it fed something in him that he knew he needed to keep hungry. He turned away feeling suddenly restless, a current of electricity crackling between his skin and clothes making him feel constricted, confined. “I am not your role model for change, Addison. Don’t get confused and start thinking that because this is an internship I’m here to guide you in some way. I’m doing Austin a favor, and as long as you serve my needs I will continue to do so. You are here for me. And you will follow my rules. Never tell anyone who calls that I’m available.”
Page :15 of 146 
“Should I be writing this down?” He paused midstride and turned back to her. “If you think you might need to.” She blinked. “I guess it depends on how long the list is.” “This is not a joke, Addison, and if you think it is perhaps you should leave now.” “I didn’t mean it as a joke. I want to do well for you. I want to do this.” For one fleeting moment the expression on her face changed a ripple of fear disturbing the stillness. But it only lasted a moment. Even so, the slight burn of triumph he felt at having unsettled her lingered long after the distress had faded from her features. It was the first sign of weakness she’d betrayed, and for him, knowing the weaknesses of everyone around him was essential. That had been one of his very first lessons on the island. You could be predator or prey. You could hunt or be hunted. He had chosen to hunt. And even now that he was back, it was the way he chose to live. It occurred to him now that this was why Addison’s serenity had bothered him so much. It had made it difficult to find her vulnerability, her weakness. But he saw it now. She was afraid to lose this. And now that he knew the fear was there, he can use it. “You’re afraid to leave,” he said. She tilted her chin up, expression of defiance. “Not afraid,” she said. “But I would like to avoid getting harassed by the press.” “And you’ll be safe from them here. But if you want to stay, you will follow the rules.” Her eyes met his, her blue gaze cool. “Are you trying to intimidate me?” She stood from behind the desk, her movements smooth. “Because you realize that I spent almost all of my life sharing a residence with Jason Treffen? I get the point you’re pretty scary, Logan. But my dad was one of the bad guys.” “Be careful, Addison,” he said, moving toward her. As he drew closer to her he felt the air thicken, could see that she felt it too, that she was struggling to pull in breath. How poetic. If it wasn’t so macabre he could have laughed. “Just because you’ve looked into the darkness doesn’t mean you’ve seen everything that’s hiding there.” As he drew closer, she tensed, her lips parting, the action sending a slug of desire down to his gut. “Just because I’m not one of bad guys doesn’t mean I’m one of the good guys.” Chapter Four Addison woke up with the sheets tangled around her legs, sweat making them stick to her skin. That was when she realized she was naked. She must have stripped her clothes off in her sleep. She’d been doing that lately. As her nightmares worsened, heat and the fires of hell closing in, she started removing layers. She opened her eyes and looked around. The room was unfamiliar and for a second she was seized by pure terror, making her freeze, turning her breath into a solid ball that rested in the center of her chest. The thoughts that raced through her head, fears that had been gnawing at her for weeks, flashed bright and fast. Had she been sold? One of her father’s men? Was someone going assault her? And in a split second, the fog cleared. And she realized where she was. Logan’s hotel. Where she was staying for her internship. Logan’s hotel that was safe. Well, assuming the man himself was safe. She wasn’t certain yet that she could assume that. At this point in her life she didn’t think she could assume anything. She started shaking, her entire body trembling as she extracted herself from her sheets and padded toward the shower, letting the hot spray wash the sweat and stale terror from her skin. She performed the rest of her routine like a zombie. Applying makeup thoughtlessly, with a practiced skill her mother had helped her hone from the time she was thirteen. It was a necessary ingredient, as far as her mother was concerned, in the creation of a perfect veneer. And in the Treffen world, veneer was everything. If only she’d learned a little more about dealing with things beneath the surface. Beneath the polished outer shell she felt vulnerable. She’d spent far too long bolstering up the outside, letting the inside grow weak. Pale. She pinned her blond hair back into a low bun, not bothering with a flatiron before slipping her skirt up over her hips, along with a pair of black nylons that had a seam running down the back. She added a pair of black pumps and examined her reflection in the full-length mirror. It was a bit…flashier than typical intern wear, at least flashier than she imagined intern wear to be. Not something she would have worn to classes either. This was what she might wear to a luncheon. An outfit that would help her fit in, while simultaneously allowing her to stand out a bit. It was the hallmark of Socialite Addison. And she needed a little Socialite Addison.
Page :16 of 146 
Perhaps because Socialite Addison was by far the most confident Addison. And confidence would be required today. Since she seemed to lack any at night. She hated how afraid she’d become. All the time. It was as Logan had said. Suddenly, life had consequences. Life had weight, where before it had been… It had been a game in so many ways. Not now. She cleared her throat and grabbed her purse off the nightstand, checking her email as she walked down the hall. Still nothing from Harlow. Which was strange. She paused for a second and pulled up her friend’s phone number, deciding to go ahead and give her a call, even though she wasn’t entirely certain of what time it was in Europe. The phone went straight to a standard message. A recorded, robotic female voice saying that the number she’d dialed was no longer in service. Addison swallowed hard and lowered the phone, her hands shaking a little. Possible still, in part due to her dream. And possibly because of the message. Because all of it seemed wrong. And right now everything felt random and uncertain. She didn’t trust life at all. Addison let out a sharp breath and shook her head, closing her eyes briefly before walking on and to Logan’s office. It hit her then she wasn’t sure if they were staying here today or going out. That she wasn’t sure if he went out at all. She had no way to predict her new boss’s eccentricities. He was an enigma, and that was the last thing she’d been expecting when Austin told her she was coming to work for Logan Black. Yes, she’d seen the headlines. What’s wrong with Logan Black? But she still hadn’t known what to expect. She still didn’t. She knocked on the office door and didn’t get an answer. She pushed it open and looked inside. Empty. Well, great. Where was she supposed to meet him? Had he gone to his corporate office? And had she been meant to guess that? She let out an exasperated sigh and stood in the middle of the room for a moment, tapping her foot. Then she walked to the desk and dialed a zero to get the front desk. A chipper, professional woman answered. “Hi,” Addison said. “This is Addison Treffen, Mr. Black’s new assistant.” She was an intern, but assistant sounded more authoritative. “I can’t seem to find him. Did he go out?” “Oh,” the woman said. “No. I would assume he’s in his suite. He might be in his gym.” “And where is that?” Addison asked. “His floor. But no one is to disturb Mr. Black when he’s in his suite.” Addison blinked. His floor. This one, not quite the top, which would of course be reserved for guests wanting penthouse suites, was Logan’s domain. She should have realized that. There wasn’t a bustle of employees or unfamiliar faces on this floor. It was only him. And now…her. The thought made her stomach tighten. She immediately visualized walking into a tiger’s cage unarmed. “Right. Well. Thank you, for that. I will…carry on.” Addison hung up the phone and let out a long, slow breath. So, no one was to disturb Mr. Black when he was in his room. Well, that had not been in her list of rules from yesterday. And while she hadn’t, in fact, written any of his rules down, she remembered well enough to know he hadn’t mentioned anything along those lines. In spite of that, she was reluctant to disturb him. Dealing with Logan was unnerving. He lacked a carefully cultivated veneer that most everyone she was accustomed to interacting with seemed to possess. He was guarded, certainly, but this was not with the cloak of civility. No, Logan seemed more animal than man in his movements. Not even his custom suits could make him look like a typical businessman. He was never still, always prowling through the office like a cat on the hunt. It made her wonder what exactly he was hunting. Scratch that, she didn’t want to know. She was afraid she wouldn’t like the answer. She crossed the office and headed to his desk, taking a seat in the large leather chair. She flattened her palms on the glossy surface, sliding her hands over the smooth desktop. One positive thing she could say about him was that he was neat. There wasn’t one bit of excess clutter in the entire room. No errant knickknacks, no decorative art. Nothing that signified a human man actually worked here all day, every day. He wasn’t wrong about the number of phone calls he got. They came in a steady stream from nine o’clock on. Black Properties employees with important questions and various emergencies. Hours rolled on and calls continued to roll in, but her boss remained notably absent. After lunch she was starting to get second and third calls from people who had called that morning, and who were getting increasingly desperate to speak to Mr. Black.
Page :17 of 146 
Addison was starting to care less and less that Mr. Black did not like to be disturbed when he was in his rooms. She had a feeling that had she elected to come into work hours late today, he would’ve stormed her room, thrown her over his shoulder and carried her down into the office by force. Granted, he was the boss, but even so. She had a list people for him to call back, and she had a feeling that most of them were quite important. Which meant she had to decide whether or not she thought she would get into more trouble for interrupting Mr. Black in his hallowed suite, or for failing to deliver potentially essential messages. Going back to the rules from earlier, she decided she’d take a chance on finding his suite. Addison was rarely at a loss when it came to dealing with people. Keeping social wheels greased, making sure people were happy, reading their moods, was part and parcel to being Jason and Lenore Treffen’s daughter. To being a trophy-wife-in-training. Logan made her feel as though she was at a loss. She did not like the feeling. She was disturbed already without feeling she’d lost the sense of how to deal with social situations. Addison stepped slowly out of the office and into the hall. As always, it was quiet on this floor. She looked both ways, then went back in the direction of her room, her eyes on the different doors. And she was suddenly unbearably curious about what might be behind each one. Were they all his? All entrances to his suite? How large was it? Large enough for a gym, apparently. This was his habitat, his lair—for lack of a better word. Dark, enclosed. Private and lush. Which fit with her earlier realization that he was more predator than human. Thinking of it that way made her question her decision to confront him here, but she’d made up her mind. She was here to assist him and to make sure she facilitated his work, and right now, with him in hiding, she couldn’t do that. She knocked on one door and tried the handle. Locked and no answer. Then she went two doors down and paused. There was no card reader or code. Just an old-fashioned brass handle. She pushed it down and it gave. She opened the door and slipped inside. The air inside the room was heavy. She’d been expecting a bedroom, a well-appointed sitting room or, you know, just a room with lights on. But she was starting to realize that the only thing she could count on, as far as Logan went, was unpredictability. A deep, masculine sound cut through the silence like a bass note. Addison stopped, her eyes going to the back of the room. Partly hidden in the darkness was a steel bar stretched between two poles, and there, suspended in the air, was Logan, holding a chin-up pose, his eyes closed, every muscle in his body tight. Hard and unmoving like stone. He lowered himself and she watched, shamelessly. Powerlessly, really. Riveted by the shift and ripple of every muscle in his bare torso as he moved with complete control, with a slow deliberation that spoke of discipline in a clear and silent way. Then she watched as he pulled himself back up, the only sign of strain in the slight shiver of his pectoral muscles as he did. She drew in a sharp, short breath and his eyes opened. He released his hold on the bar, dropping to his feet noiselessly, landing in a crouched position, down in the darkness. She couldn’t read his expression from her position across the room, his face nothing more than dark shadow, his broad frame lined in gold from the hints of sunlight streaming in beneath the heavy drapes on the back wall. He stood upright, moving his body into the light. He rolled his shoulders back, ab muscles shifting with the motion. Yesterday’s clothing had only hinted at his strength. Here, she could see it unveiled, no custom-made suit covering his body as a nod to civility. In this place she could see full evidence of the animal he was. And he really was quite an impressive animal. “What are you doing in here?” “I was looking for you,” she said. “I’ve taken about twenty messages this morning, and people are starting to get restless. Rome seems to be burning, et cetera.” He arched an eyebrow. “Is there literal fire?” “Well, no. Not literal fire.” “Then there is no excuse for you to be in here,” he said. “Wait a second. You laid out all your rules yesterday, but you didn’t say anything about you showing up to work hours late, or not at all. And you did not say what I should do in the event that I was left to field things by myself.” Logan grabbed a towel off the bar to his left and started rubbing it over his chest and back, the action much more interesting than it should have been, all things considered. The man was wiping sweat off himself, for heaven’s sake. There should be nothing interesting about that.
Page :18 of 146 
“Then consider this a formal notification and warning,” he said, his tone hard. “No one comes in here.” “If you feel that strongly about it, you should probably consider locking the door.” Addison knew the moment the words left her mouth that she’d made a mistake. She never made a mistake. She never said the wrong thing. Until now. Until Logan. Logan cast the towel onto the floor, stalking toward her, his blue eyes fixed on hers. Reflexively, Addison took a step back, then another as he continued to advance on her. She didn’t stop until her shoulder blades butted up against the wall. Logan drew closer, all muscle and heat and angry man. And it all did something to her. Something that she didn’t understand, something she didn’t want. She should be afraid of him, and really, she was. But the fear was mixed with something else, a low hum of excitement that started low in her belly and radiated outward, spread downward, pooled in places lower. Slick and sweet and wrong. So very, very wrong. “Or perhaps,” he said, “you should have considered knocking. Even with my limited social skills, I understand that it’s customary.” She drew in a shaking breath, tried to speak with a steady voice. “You make it sound like it’s a foreign custom to you.” “I understand what people do. And I even understand why. For me, what civility has lost is its importance.” He placed a hand on the wall behind her leaning in, his breath fanning across her cheek. She looked up, into his eyes, and she could see exactly what he was trying to say. Because there was no spark of humanity there, no facade at all. It was like staring down into a bottomless well, and where she might’ve expected to find a soul, she saw nothing but darkness. “You can only cross so many lines before you’ve gone too far to come back.” Her throat felt hot, dry and prickly, her skin too tight for her body. And yet again, she could feel words she shouldn’t say pressing against her lips. And yet again, they won. “You’ve crossed those lines?” He lifted his hand, his palm hovering just above her cheek. She expected him to touch her, expected him to cup her cheek. Found herself anticipating it. But instead he lowered his hand and took a step back as though he’d been burned. “You don’t want to know about me, Addison,” he said, his voice rough. For some reason, she wanted to push. Wanted him to come back to her, and look at her with those dangerous eyes. She should want him to stay over there. She should want him to stay away from her. But she didn’t. “But if you don’t tell me your story, how will you frighten me away?” A cold smile curved his lips upward. “I’m sure I’ll find a way,” he said, bending over and picking up a T-shirt from the floor, tugging it over his head. She held the sound of disappointment in as he concealed all that gorgeous skin. What was wrong with her? She didn’t do this. She didn’t…ogle men. Most especially men who seemed to have something essential missing from their makeup. Hadn’t she had enough of men with no conscience? He has a conscience. He’s not like Jason. She was not going to listen to her inner voice. Her inner voice had proven to be a very poor judge of character. Even knowing that, it didn’t change the fact that looking at Logan made her feel slightly breathless and a little light-headed. The simple fact was, she had no experience with men like him. She had no experience with men at all. All the boys at school were just that—boys. A category Eddie most certainly fell into. Logan Black was not a boy. Not even close. Logan Black was a man. In every sense of the word. She wasn’t fortified against the kind of magnetism he possessed, against that caliber of body. Wasn’t fortified against…whatever the feelings were that she was having. Feelings that seemed to have materialized as heat and localized in her face, her stomach and her…oh Lord. It was really hot in here. She took a moment to look away from him, and regain her sanity, while taking in the rest of the room. It wasn’t a gym in any way she recognized it. There was…scaffolding everywhere. A thick rope suspended from the ceiling. A punching bag. No treadmills or ellipticals. No fancy equipment of any kind. A lot of it looked as though it might have been homemade. It was crude and simple. And looked well beyond her fitness routine, which consisted in a walk down the street to get a bagel and a latte. Not that walking on the sidewalk was any mean feat. Especially considering these days it meant dodging paparazzi. “What time is it?” he asked. His words brought her attention back to him. And she tried to keep her focus on his face, and not his impossibly broad chest and narrow waist, which had now had the veil torn from them, so to speak.
Page :19 of 146 
Of course, his face was just as distracting, and now that she’d really noticed his body, it was even more so. And she didn’t even want to know why that was. “It’s nearly one o’clock.” He frowned and reached above his head, gripping the bar. “I lost track of time.” He lifted himself, with one damn arm, thank you very much, and curved his legs over the bar, hanging upside down. Then he curled upward, his chest meeting his knees. The world’s most extreme sit-up. “Oh well.” She tried very hard to look anywhere but at him. “Do you often lose track of time?” “Does it really matter to you, Addison? After all, you’re just hiding out from the press, aren’t you?” For some reason, his words caused a rash of annoyance to rock through her body. Maybe that was the underlying reason for being here, but for some reason now she felt driven to do her job. And to do it well. Maybe because the recent events made her feel that she had no direction, no purpose. No father to please. No love interest for whom to transform herself into the perfect society bride. It all made her feel that she needed to do something for herself. Even if, for now, that just meant doing well at this internship. Succeeding in this was better than drifting. Anything was better than that. “Maybe,” she said, “but I’m here. So it seems like I should try to do a little more than just coast through this. Anyway, as interesting as your workout routine is, I feel like we should discuss the job.” “I guess your brother didn’t warn you about me,” he said, moving back to his hanging position. “He did. But more about your former playboy ways, not so much about…this.” “Could be because he didn’t really know. I’ve always liked Austin,” he said. “He knows when to keep his distance.” Logan gripped the bar with his hands and flipped himself over it, landing on his feet again. “You don’t seem to have inherited his perception,” he said. It was a funny thing for him to say, all things considered. Perception was essential to her. Had been an essential part of how she’d been raised, how she’d been molded. But he challenged it. Changed it. Seemed to change her. “No,” she said. “I’m not anything like him, I’m afraid. He was born with our father’s approval, and I had to work to make myself acceptable. I’m used to working for approval.” He looked as though he was trying to decide what to say. As if he was searching for the proper way to respond. “Don’t bother with sympathy. I think I came out better for not having to deal with my father. Being that he was selling college girls in exchange for payment of their student loans all while he pretended to be an advocate for women. He was sick. Who knows what might have happened if I had met his standards? If he’d spent more time with me his colleagues might have seen too much of me.” “Best not to think of that,” he said, his tone hard. “Probably. But I can’t help it,” she said, crossing her arms beneath her breasts, trying to protect herself. She felt too open suddenly. Too exposed. She wasn’t usually honest like this. No, she was never honest like this. Honesty was too uncomfortable. “The what-ifs will drive you crazy in the end,” he said, his voice rough, the moment unexpectedly genuine. She regarded him closely, trying to read his shuttered eyes. “You say that like you know.” “I do,” he said. “You think you’re crazy?” she asked, her stomach tightening. “Does it matter?” he asked. “What matters is what people think.” A lesson she’d been taught from the cradle. But she was starting to question it. “And what is it you want people to think?” A man who didn’t wear shoes in the office, who didn’t show up when he was expected and who thought nothing of invading an employee’s personal space, could hardly be aiming to show the public he was sane. “Right now? It benefits me to keep people guessing.” “Well, great job. I’m still guessing.” Addison knew that she was baiting the beast, and that was unlike her. No, unlike her was the understatement of the century. She never pushed, never made waves. It was what she’d watched her mother do for the past twenty-two years. It was what Addison herself had done from the moment she understood what was expected. “I’m sure you’ll find confirmation of some kind before this is over.” “And while I’m here?” He turned away from her, his broad back filling her vision. “Don’t come into my room.” He started to walk away from her, toward the door she imagined led to the rest of his quarters. “I’ll be in the office in fifteen minutes. Hopefully Rome hasn’t turned to ash by the time I get there.”
Page :20 of 146 
Chapter Five Logan gritted his teeth and lowered his head, palms braced against the tile wall of the shower, as a spray of cold water hit his back. A punishment, a reminder. A reminder that he didn’t deserve anything half so comfortable as a warm shower, and that he certainly didn’t deserve the hot, cutting slice of need he’d experienced when he looked at Addison. He didn’t deserve sexual arousal, much less the opportunity to act on it. Not that he’d been entirely without invitation since his return from the island, but he’d never been tempted to indulge. When Addison appeared in his gym, he’d been torn between two desires. The first desire had been to growl at her, terrify her, so that she ran not only out of his gym, but out of his hotel. Out of his life. That desire hadn’t bothered him. That desire, as far as his desires were concerned, was a fairly normal one. It was the second desire that had him standing in a cold shower, seeking punishment, seeking pain. It was the second desire that left him feeling that he wanted to crawl out of his own skin. The desire to pull her hard against his body, to cup her face and claim her mouth, fierce and hard and deep. To forget the past four years of hell, to forget why he was no longer allowed to touch women. Why he never allowed himself to touch anyone. But just wanting the last four years erased wouldn’t make it so. He cursed and slammed his hand against the hard tile, the biting pain overriding the tight ball of need he was fighting. What he needed was to get back into the gym. To exhaust himself past the point of feeling. To make himself forget everything except for physical exhaustion. But he’d promised to go into the office. The office that currently contained the woman who was causing all his problems. In fairness, Addison wasn’t the source of all his problems. But she was most certainly the source of his hard-on. Which, at the moment, was the most pressing of his problems. Logan stepped out of the shower and grabbed a towel, wrapping it around his waist before he continued on into his bedroom. His phone, which was sitting on the nightstand, was ringing. Very few people had that particular number. Which meant it was an important call. One he couldn’t ignore. He walked over to his nightstand and picked up the phone, catching the green accept button and raising it to his ear. “Black.” “Do you really need to answer the phone that way? I doubt anyone but me or your sister ever call this number.” Logan let out a heavy sigh. “Sorry, Mother.” “Bad day?” “Just a typical day. Training a new assistant.” “Didn’t you just train a new assistant? You have a bad habit of scaring them off.” “I’m still trying to figure out if assistants are just a particularly skittish breed, or if I’m scarier than the average boss.” His mother laughed, the sound off, filled with more sadness than humor. “I think you know the answer to that, Logan.” “I’m certain you didn’t call to make small talk about my employees.” “You’re right, I didn’t. I called because we have a bit of a situation.” “Nothing to do with Elizabeth, I hope,” he said “Professional rather than personal issues, thank God.” “But nothing I’m going to like, I have a feeling.” “No, I’m afraid you won’t like it.” She paused for a moment, and he could hear a wealth of unspoken words in the silence. “Logan, we need you.” * Logan stalked into the office, the bad mood he’d been in before now magnified by an astronomical factor. And seeing Addison sitting at his desk, poised, composed and unruffled—as though their encounter in the gym had never happened, as though it had really been nothing more than a conversation that had ended in neither of them touching the other—when he himself had felt the intensity of an entire subtext of longing only enraged him further. “Lucky you, Addison. Your job just got harder.” Her pale eyebrows shot upward. “Am I to be looking for needles in haystacks? Or perhaps for the more personable side of your personality?” “The second one. Though I imagine you wish it had been the first.” She blinked, her expression almost comically blank. “You know, I chose both of those options because they were outlandish.” “Just because I didn’t laugh doesn’t mean I didn’t get the joke.” “But…it’s not a joke.” “I suppose that all depends on how you look at it. But it doesn’t change the fact that I’m going to need some help.” Addison stood from her position behind the desk. “You were just mocking my reasons for being here. Just a socialite hiding from the press.”
Page :21 of 146 
“Which is exactly why I need to. Because you are a socialite, and the implication of the title would be that you’re good with all things social.” “I think that’s less true these days. Hanging out with me is social suicide.” “Happily for the both of us, I’m a much bigger social liability than you are.” He began to pace the length of the room, restless energy filling him. The day had started out badly, his anxiety so aggressive from the time he’d rolled out of bed that morning that it had nearly choked him. That was why he’d gone to the gym rather than the office. Because some days the physical activity helped burn away the icy fingers of terror that grabbed him and refused to let go. Of course, other days there was nothing to help. Other days it was just a slow, private descent into his own personal hell. Today had been one of those days. The kind of day where nothing would be able to pull him back from the brink. Unfortunately he did not have the time to indulge himself. He had things to do. And unfortunately for Addison, he needed her to accomplish them. “I don’t really see how that’s happy for either of us. It would be better if neither of us were a social liability.” “It depends on how you look at it I suppose. If we’re dealing in limitless possibilities, I would simply prefer not to be needed socially. If that were the case, it wouldn’t matter if I was a liability or not.” “Was that a joke, Logan?” “No,” he said. “Of course not. So, what sort of social skills do you need from me?” “What kind of social skills do you think I lack?” “Be reasonable, Logan, I’m not a miracle worker.” For the first time since she’d swanned into his office yesterday, Addison appeared ruffled. It was oddly satisfying. “I don’t expect you are. However, I feel that you must be accomplished in the fine art of conversation, and standing around looking lovely at society functions.” “Yes,” she said. “I am all those things. But I fail to see how any of that is helpful to you. I mean, it isn’t as though you’re planning some big ball, are you?” Her expression contorted into something that looked a bit like horror. “Oh no, Logan, you are not hosting a ball, are you?” “Not as such. Black Properties is, though. And my wonderful mother has called to inform me that my presence will be required.” “Okay,” Addison said, drawing the word out so that it was several syllables in length. “I will also be required to give a speech.” Addison shifted her weight from foot to foot. “All right.” “And there is the small matter of the fact that I haven’t left this hotel in more than three months.” * Addison stared at Logan, and she knew that she was not succeeding in keeping her expression unreadable. That her practiced, gracious face was failing her completely. More rules crumbling. More Treffen tenets falling. “Is that some kind of expression…? Like a figure of speech? Some kind of inside joke you came up with yourself in your years on the island?” Logan looked at her, his expression blank. “Why would that be an expression? What could it possibly mean beyond the literal denotation?” “I really don’t know, I was just looking for something less…” She tried to find a word that wasn’t inflammatory. “…upsetting than you not having left the hotel in three months.” “I told you that you would see what I was talking about.” He said it with such tired resignation. No shame or embarrassment, but with a certain amount of finality that made Addison ache. “It doesn’t mean you’re crazy.” She didn’t know why she was trying to comfort him. Possibly the only creature on earth with less need of comfort than Logan Black was a panther. A humorless smile curved his lips. “Oh, really? And what would? Mood swings? Foul temper, a history of violence?” “You don’t have those things. Well, you don’t have all those things.” Addison put her hand on her forehead and started to pace. Logan was already pacing on the opposite side of the room. He stopped midstride, the sudden absence of movement nearly as disturbing as the pacing had been. “According to my mother, if the new project doesn’t get off the ground, we’re going to start hemorrhaging investors like we’ve severed an artery.” “And why is that she knows this and you don’t?” Addison might not have a brilliant business mind, but she’d spent enough time with businessmen over the years to understand they should be the first to know these things about their own companies.
Page :22 of 146 
“Luncheon talk.” He started pacing again. “For obvious reasons, I’m not always up on gossip. My mother, on the other hand, is very good at getting people to chat with her. She may not be CEO material, but she’s pretty brilliant with certain forms of corporate espionage.” “So your investors are starting to have concerns?” “It appears so. And I can hardly blame them. From a business perspective I imagine an erratic CEO doesn’t seem like a very safe bet.” “No one seems to have had a problem with you for the past couple of years.” “Because I’ve done what I could to use the anxiety to my advantage.” Addison stomach squeezed tight. “Anxiety?” Logan turned sharply and planted his hands on the desk, the sound sharp and stark in the silence of the room. “Did you imagine I was just antisocial?” “Well, frankly, yes.” She could see very clearly now that that had been an oversimplification of things. Could see now that it has been easy to put his behavior down to him being irritable, or him simply being an unpleasant human being. “When I control things, most people come out of their interactions with me with the same impression you have. They never have to see the underlying issues.” He pushed off the desk and shoved his fingers through his hair. “However, when I have to go out, things get tricky.” “What kind of tricky? I understand that you’re not used to talking about this. But being vague isn’t going to help.” He tilted his head to the side, deadly light glittering in his blue eyes. “I am not weak.” Addison swallowed hard. “I know.” She didn’t know this man, not really. Sharing a couple of conversations with him, feeling her pulse speed up while she watched him work out, did not equal knowing him. So why this moment, that quiet statement, made her ache, she didn’t know. “When I first came back, everything was fine. Well, not everything, but once I got my physical strength back I felt like I was settling in.” He took a deep breath. “I was back. Numb, but back. It was when the numbness started wearing off that the problems started. I don’t like crowds,” he said. “Understandable.” “Or traffic. Or…being outside. In the city at least. I didn’t think being outside when I wasn’t in the center of Manhattan would be a problem.” “That,” she said, “is slightly more problematic.” “No shit,” he said. “So, what happens? You just don’t like it? Okay, obviously it’s more than that, or I assume you would have gone outside at least once over the past three months.” “Panic attacks,” he said. “At least that’s what the doctor said they are. I went to the doctor after the first one because I thought I was dying. Dying of some horrible parasite I must have picked up on the island. Turns out I was just forgetting to breathe.” “Oh, Logan, I’m so sorry.” Addison moved toward him, stretching out her hand, about to touch his shoulder, trying to offer some comfort. Logan jerked back, his expression fierce. “Don’t. Don’t touch me.” Addison pulled her hand back against her chest, knowing she looked as rattled as she felt. He made her feel so helpless. So not like her. “I… I’m sorry.” “No, this is why I don’t talk about it, and why I don’t push it. I’m not weak, and I don’t want you to look at me like I’m some kind of ticking time bomb ready to go off at any moment.” “I would never have called you weak. But…are you saying you’re not a ticking time bomb?” “I know how to disarm the bomb at least.” “How?” “Getting back to familiar surroundings.” “Is that why you haven’t left the hotel?” “Yes. I could never predict them. Could never master them. The last one happened on my way to a business meeting. I vomited in my car and had to turn back.” “Do you know…why do you…have them?” “I don’t know, Addison. I don’t like to talk to other people about my problems, so I haven’t spent a whole lot of time analyzing this one,” he said. “I just deal with it.” “Okay.” “But if I had to venture a guess, I’d say it’s related to the fact that I spent two years completely away from people, and cars, and all this noise.” Her stomach tightened. “Fair guess.” “I was used to it,” he said. “Used to what?” “The quiet. The peace. It’s off here. It’s loud. It’s busy. People go to bed so damn late. Why would you stay up so long after the sun goes down? It doesn’t make sense.”
Page :23 of 146 
“You used to all the time,” she said, keeping her tone gentle. “You were in the news all the time for your staying out all night.” “Not now. Now I just think I was a dumb ass who needed a good dose of reality. I’d never had to deal with the consequences of my actions. Throw a gigantic house party where people trash the place and get sick? No sweat. My parents hired people to clean it up. Get caught messing around with two women at the same time? Who cares? It’s just Logan Black. Naked in a suite in Vegas? Part of his charm. But I learned consequences, Addison. And now I can’t unlearn them. There are consequences for everything. Whether they’re immediate or not. My entire life of getting away with whatever the hell I wanted came to a crashing halt when I realized that even my almighty dollars couldn’t control the damn weather. Twenty people. Crew, friends, lovers,” he bit out. “At the bottom of the damn ocean.” Addison sucked in a shaky breath. “It’s not like you put a brick through the hull.” “I might as well have, Addison.” “You can’t take credit for the weather.” “No, but I can damn well take credit for taking the yacht out without doing proper investigation. Without talking to anyone, or listening to anyone. I can and will take credit for that. Don’t try to assuage my conscience. It’s way too late for that. I had a two-year sentence to think on that. A life sentence, really. So I’m serving it. Because it’s the best I can do. It’s the closest thing to atonement. Though it will never be close enough. Got any other platitudes for me?” he asked. “None,” she said, looking back out the window. “Except you aren’t dealing with it. Staying inside for three months isn’t dealing with it.” “I do not need the poor little rich girl burrowing in my spare bedroom to tell me how to deal with things. What I need is for you to help me deal with these panic attacks.” “I’m not a therapist. As you so like reminding me, I’m just a silly rich girl who excels at attending parties.” “And as such, you know how to look like you’re having a wonderful time even when you’d rather be anywhere else but where you are, I assume.” Addison laughed softly. “That’s my specialty. Always act graciously, always pretend you’re having a good time.” “Teach me how to do that.” “It’s not the same.” “I know,” he said. “Did I mention I’ll be required to give a speech?” “Yes, but if you’re asking for miracles, why not go big?” “Help me,” he said, his voice rough, his guard dropped completely. He looked desperate. He looked as though he needed her. She wasn’t sure if anyone had ever needed her before. Chapter Six The streets of Manhattan were not the depths of the ocean. Staring down Broadway was not the same as looking down into the icy, never-ending water. But to Logan Black it felt about the same. It was late, after dark, and the lobby of the Black Book was mostly empty. There were a few staff members of his hotel wandering around very deliberately keeping their eyes averted. And there were a couple of guests seated in the cluster of chairs in the corner of the lobby, laughing and having drinks, and generally too interested in each other to notice him. “Okay, Logan, what do I need to do?” Addison’s gentle agreement to help him get a handle on his panic attacks still rang in his mind. He didn’t want to do this. Didn’t want to admit how broken he truly was. But he had no choice now. Tonight was the first step. His limo was idling out front, parked against the curb, as close to the door as possible so as to minimize the time he would have to spend outdoors. All of this was designed to minimize his anxiety. It was a shame it wasn’t working. He’d stood in this position far too many times, and he was well aware of how it would end. In blinding, black, terror. In the floor wrenching to the side, and turning to waves beneath his feet, sending him down to his knees. Making him vomit as if he were back on a ship that was splintering apart beneath the punishing wind of a hurricane. The only difference was that this time he had a guide. A slender, blond guide, who almost resembled an angel aiding his passage into the beyond. Of course, she wasn’t an angel. And that was really just as well. For his purposes, he didn’t require an angel. He needed a socialite, and Addison Treffen was exactly that. Addison cast him a sideways glance, concern evident in her blue gaze. “Are you okay?” Logan reached up to straighten the lapels of his jacket, then ran his hands down the front of his tie. “Hell no. But I fail to see what being okay has to do with any of this.”
Page :24 of 146 
“I suppose if we had your mental well-being in mind, we would just keep you cloistered upstairs.” “Sounds like a good idea to me. Only I think my mental well-being may be far beyond help, so we might as well try to help Black Properties.” He did a sharp breath, as if he were preparing for a dive. In many ways he was. Going out into the open, even at night, felt a lot like getting ready to go underwater. And while, during his time on the island, it’d been necessary, he had never enjoyed it. And when he had done it, it had been in the interest of his survival. Which seemed fitting, since what he did now was in the interest of the survival of Black Properties. He looked at Addison. “Sometimes, Addison, to survive you have to do things you hate.” Then he stepped outside, moving to the limo as quickly as possible, jerking the door open and getting inside, closing the door behind him quickly. Dimly, it occurred to him that in his former life, he would never have gotten into the car before the woman he was with. And he most certainly would’ve held the door for her. But he was reduced to survival tactics now. Seduction, softness and the desire to impress a woman had no place in his life. Addison rounded the back of the limo and opened the door opposite him, sliding inside and shutting the door behind her. She kept an expanse of seat between them, and he was grateful that she did. “So, where is it we’re going?” she asked. “Black Pearl. Cheesy, I know. My father’s name for his flagship hotel here in the city. It’s where this big event is being held. I’ve not been there in…probably not since I’ve been back. When I first arrived my mother and sister held a party for me there. But I was numb enough then that I could handle it.” “Is that the problem? The shock is wearing off?” “Possibly. I imagine, though, that we’re dealing with problems plural, rather than problem.” “So, tonight we’ll get a feel for the layout of things. Survey the perimeter, as it were.” “Sure,” Logan said, feeling the familiar nausea start to rise as the car began to move down the street. “You don’t sound very enthusiastic.” “Would you feel very enthusiastic about the idea of having your skin peeled away from your bones?” He looked over at her, at the predictably horrified expression on her face, and he had a feeling he’d gone too far. And for the first time in his memory, he regretted it. Regretted the possibility that he might touch her with his darkness. She was so beautiful, so perfectly forbidden to him. “Is it that bad?” she asked. “I’m not trying to be poetic about it. Or dramatic.” Addison laughed, the sound catching him completely off guard. “You know, some people might think you have a flair for it.” “And what, the hell, is that supposed to mean?” She smiled, her attempt at keeping it light not going unnoticed. “Oh, I don’t know, prowling around your offices without shoes, lurking in your gym in the dark. Refusing to come in to work until the late hours of the day. Using your limitations to your advantage by forcing everyone who deals with you to come into your lair to do business.” He turned to her and arched an eyebrow. “My lair?” “Your domain. Your cave. Some might call it your island, but that would be insensitive.” “And you are never insensitive.” “Oh, heavens no. Grace and poise are my middle names.” “Are they really?” She surprised him again by smiling. “No, do you want to know my real middle name?” And because the distraction was welcome, he did. “Sure.” “Jane. Addison Jane Treffen.” “Well,” he said, “now I’ll know what to call you if you’re ever in trouble.” It’d been long enough since he was in a sexual situation that the sudden tension between them caught him completely off guard. Not that this was the first time tension stretched between them. But it was the first time it had been brought about by something he’d said. Something that had almost been teasing, provocative on purpose. He didn’t provoke women anymore. He didn’t flirt. He didn’t seduce. He had lost that right. * Addison looked out the window and focused on the passing scenery. Bright lights that blurred into continuous lines. Things that almost felt normal with Logan. Well, as normal as things could feel when you were out with a man who hadn’t been outside in three months. A man who was consciously fighting off a panic attack. So, all things considered, it had felt normal. Until he’d looked at her, with those deep blue eyes, so deep the color was visible even in the dimness of the car, and spoken to her about using her middle name, when she was in trouble. The words a velvet-covered promise, of pleasure, of pain. And she had no idea how the two things had melded together into that one simple phrase, but they had. She had no idea how the two things had melded together in her.
Page :25 of 146 
Because they weren’t the same. They didn’t mesh. And she was quite possibly crazy. She would go ahead and blame daddy issues. If anyone had that right, surely she did. Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, the limo eased up against the curb in front of Black Pearl. The streets were relatively clear, but there were still people wandering around, heading to plays, leaving restaurants. And really, as much as Logan had told her about his anxiety, he’d left out an awful lot. Was the panic triggered by an unfamiliar area? By people? Open space? Or by something else entirely? If things went well, she would avoid finding out. All things considered, she was okay with that. She pushed open the limo door and walked to the sidewalk. Logan’s door remained closed. She wasn’t sure what she was supposed to do. Drag him out? She was here to help, but she still wasn’t entirely sure what that entailed. She had a feeling he wasn’t either. Which helped not at all. She decided, in this case, she would go with inaction. About a minute after her, Logan stepped out of the limo. Every line in his body, from his square jaw to his broad shoulders and his fists clenched at his sides, was tense. He didn’t look hunted, or afraid, but he did look ready to fight. “Ready?” she asked. “No,” he said as he charged ahead of her, head down, into the hotel. She clutched her purse to her chest and scurried after him, having to move quickly to keep up. She followed him inside the building, and through the lobby. People were staring, openly, as they passed, not bothering to hide their shock at seeing him. She imagined that the reclusive Mr. Black, who hadn’t been seen outside in three months, was definitely stare-worthy for his employees. Logan seemed oblivious, and Addison had a feeling that was just as well. The ballroom was at the end of the hall, through a pair of deep blue, gilt-edged double doors. Logan pushed the doors open, pausing in the entryway, scanning the room as if he was looking for a threat. “You know,” she said, keeping her voice soft, “you could look slightly less like you’re charging into battle.” Though she had a feeling he was, in his mind, doing precisely that. He let out a long, slow breath, then straightened and walked into the room. It was empty, nothing but a broad expanse of marble tile, heavy stone columns and ornate crown molding. None of it said Logan to her, but Logan had mentioned that it was his father’s baby, and not his. It made her wonder about the Black Book, if it was really his, or if it was simply a part of the company. And that was not her concern. She stayed in her position at the back of the room as Logan walked toward the stage, where he would undoubtedly be giving his speech. He walked up the steps, his every movement slow, deliberate. He turned to face her, well, not her, the back of the room. But even though she knew that he wasn’t looking at her, she could feel his gaze, a spark from a fire, drifting down to land on her exposed skin, leaving her scorched. He looked up, then scanned the room from left to right. The change in him was almost imperceptible. It would’ve been entirely imperceptible had she not been watching him so closely. Had she not learned, already, to sense the shifts in his mood. He lifted a hand and raked it over his hair. It was then that she noticed his fingers were trembling. Without thinking, she started walking toward the stage. Driven by something, she didn’t know what. Driven to do something, she didn’t know what. He reached up and grabbed hold of the knot on his tie, tugging it fiercely, before jerking on the collar of his shirt, popping two buttons off the pristine white fabric and sending them rolling across the floor. Addison started to walk up the stage, her hand outstretched. “Logan… Logan, breathe.” She took another step toward him, her heart pounding, her mouth dry. There were no rules for this. There was no training that could have prepared her. For his desperation. For her. She couldn’t fall back on lessons learned. She simply had to do what felt right. Logan stumbled back, the look in his eyes that of a wounded animal. Not that she had any experience with wounded animals, but it was how she imagined they might look. Terrified, and ready to attack at the same time. “Stay back. Don’t touch me. Don’t you dare touch me,” he said, his words a low growl. Addison recoiled, her heart pounding. She wasn’t qualified for this. She wasn’t the kind of person who made waves, wasn’t the kind of person who faced down an angry man in a suit. Well, you are now. Because this is your job. Do it for you. Not for anyone else. For once in your stupid life.
Page :26 of 146 
“Logan,” she tried again, keeping her voice smooth and even. “Look at me, and remember to breathe. You have problems when you don’t breathe.” He made a gasping sound, like a man who’d just come up through the surface of the water. He laughed, shaky. Humorless. “Most people do.” “Right, and just because you don’t need shoes doesn’t mean you don’t need to breathe, so just go ahead and breathe.” He inhaled deeply, his muscular chest pitching sharply. “Better?” she asked. “That depends on what you mean by better.” He turned and kicked against the podium that was at the center of the stage, knocking it onto its side, the loud sound echoing in the empty room. “There aren’t any damn people in here. And I still feel like I’m going crazy.” “Why?” she asked, desperate to help now, desperate to help him find the answer. “Because there will be people.” “And what then? Why is that bad?” “They’ll see me.” Addison was at a loss. She’d heard his words, but she knew there was a deeper meaning to them. One she couldn’t guess at. “Why is that bad?” she asked again, not knowing what else to say. “Because then they’ll know what I am.” Chapter Seven Five days after the incident at the hotel, and Logan hadn’t mentioned it once. He also didn’t mention the possibility of going out again. Things had gone back to business as usual, which, with Logan, was not usual at all. He continued to be erratic, showing up in the office when it suited him. Then—once they were in the office together—going hours without speaking to her while pacing around the room wearing no shoes. And honestly that would’ve been fine. Had she not decided she was going to fix this for him. It was his own fault, really. He was the one who had said she was only a socialite. And those were the words that had burrowed under her skin, rubbing at her, like a grain of sand buried inside a clam. She really hoped that her efforts produced a pearl, because otherwise all she had was the irritant and no reward. One thing all these crazy events had confirmed for her was that she wasn’t content to be passive anymore. She’d never felt passive, because putting on the Treffen facade had always felt like such an effort. But after losing her incentive for behaving that way, she was slowly being forced to face the reality that none of it had been for her. That she wasn’t sure she wanted to be the perfect socialite. That she wasn’t sure whether or not she cared about any of the things she’d pretended to care about for so long. Which was part of what spurred her on now. And was part of her inspiration for how she might be able to help Logan. Addison walked into the office, not quite certain what she would find there. Empty space, Logan huddled in a corner, Logan prowling around like a caged tiger… Really, there was such a wide variety of options. All of them slightly disturbing. She stopped in the doorway, surprised by the sight that greeted her. Logan was sitting at his desk, looking at his computer, appearing to be every inch the successful businessman that he was. No disheveled tie or torn dress shirt here. If she could say one thing for him, it was that he was predictable in his unpredictability. “Good morning, Logan,” she said, taking a step farther into the room. Logan looked up from his computer screen. “Good morning,” he said, inclining his head in her direction. “Why do you look so startled this morning, Addison? I’m sitting at my desk like a normal boss.” “Yes, that’s what unnerves me.” He laughed, the sound low and rich, bitter, like dark chocolate. A strange comparison, maybe, but it was the only comparison that helped her excuse why it was just so appealing to her. She’d always been a fan of dark chocolate. Ergo, if Logan’s laugh was like dark chocolate, it made sense for her stomach to turn over in excitement when she heard it. “You’ve grown accustomed to my eccentricities.” Addison took a deep breath. “Whether or not I’m used to them is neither here nor there. I’m supposed to help you work through them, at least as far as the public is concerned.” He tightened his hands into fists. “Still determined to try and fix the unfixable?” “It just so happens that I don’t think you’re unfixable.” She hadn’t been aware that she felt that way, or that she felt so strongly about it, until just then. Until she’d looked at him, really looked at him, in his cold, blue eyes, and seen just how deeply he believed there was no saving him.
Page :27 of 146 
She didn’t accept that. And she was going to make use of her training. All she’d learned about helping in superficial situations? She could use it now. She could use it with him. And with him…it seemed that it would matter. It seemed like something deeper than the superficial, for the first time. “That’s where you might be wrong,” he said. Addison waved her hand, in her best imitation of a dismissive, snobby gesture, one best loved by Lenore Treffen. “Philosophical differences aside, fixable or unfixable, it does not change the fact that you’re expected to give a speech in… When are you expected to give the speech?” “Four weeks,” he said. “Well, that’s good. We have some time.” “And you honestly think time is going to make any difference? I was more able to deal with people when I stepped off that airplane when I first arrived back in New York.” “Because you were cushioned by shock.” Logan leaned back in his chair, pushing his hand through his thick brown hair. She was captivated for a moment, by that hand, that large, masculine hand. It was a simple thing, a silly thing maybe, but she found herself wondering what that hand had done. To survive, to thrive. “You are clinging to that unscientific explanation of it, I take it?” “Why not? It makes sense to me. Anyway, no matter how you explain it, it doesn’t change what has to be done. So I’m going to ask you a question. Are you going to lie down and be defeated by this, or are you going to fight?” Logan pushed off from his desk and stood, the motion swift and shocking. “You say that like I haven’t been fighting every damn day since I got back.” He started to pace, restless energy radiating from him in waves. “Like I didn’t fight every day from the time the yacht crashed on that island to when I was rescued. I have done nothing but fight for four years.” “You’ve survived. I’m not sure if you’ve done anything else.” “That’s one better than anyone who was on the yacht with me.” His words hung in the air, stark and angry. “I won’t pretend that I have any idea how hard it was, Logan. But I specialize in the social. But not just that, in going to social events that I don’t care about.” He turned his laser focus to her. “What’s your point?” “Patience, I’m getting to it. If you’re allowed your dramatics, it seems only fair that you let me have mine. Anyway, do you have any idea how many times I’ve wished I was a million miles away, not listening to whatever egotistical, inane conversation I’m being subjected to? A lot of times. But if there’s one thing I know how to do, it’s how to stand there, poised and looking completely engaged, no matter what’s actually happening in my mind.” “Which would be valuable, if my issue were simply fear of falling asleep while being exposed to boring conversation.” “I think I can teach you to escape. At least in your mind.” Logan arched an eyebrow. “I thought the idea was to make me seem less crazy.” “Yes, seem less crazy. I didn’t say anything about making you less crazy.” “I think I should be offended by that.” Addison shrugged, ignoring the little pop of electricity that skittered along her veins. Adrenaline, excitement and a little bit of fear. “Yes, but you aren’t.” “True.” “Let me help you, Logan. That’s what I’m here for. I’m your assistant, and this is the most pressing thing you need assistance with.” Logan turned to face her, crossing his arms over his chest. “All right, Addison. Assist me.” Addison blinked a couple of times, shocked by his easy acquiescence. Okay, so it wasn’t easy by most people’s standards, but considering it was Logan, it could have been worse. “Okay, my mother has always said that image is everything. It doesn’t matter what’s happening on the inside, as long as what you’re showing on the outside is what the people around you want to see.” “I seem to have lost the ability to…fake it, I guess.” “I have actually noticed that, yes.” “Well, fix it for me.” “You might want to start with eliminating commands like that from your vocabulary.” A cold smile curved his lips. “Probably not.” “At least keep it under control when you’re in front of people.” She crossed her arms beneath her breasts. “And if you wanted to practice by being a little bit nicer to me, I wouldn’t complain.”
Page :28 of 146 
“Forgive me.” He inclined his head in a mock bow. “I am largely uncivilized.” “I’m aware. So let’s just focus on making you look less uncivilized.” She studied him, standing in front of her, broad-shouldered, narrow-waisted, large hands folded in front of him. The animalistic quality to him was almost indefinable. He was wearing a suit; he looked perfectly groomed. And yet she could sense the wildness about him. “Okay, honestly? I strongly fear civilized is never going to happen. But I don’t see why we can’t make that work for us.” “You’re contradicting yourself.” “No, I’m not. Civility and sanity aren’t necessarily linked. And for what it’s worth, I think you’re perfectly sane.” That wasn’t entirely true, but she didn’t think he was as beyond help as he believed either. “I think you’ve been smart, though. Bending everyone so they have to conform to your strengths, rather than revealing your weaknesses. I see no reason why you can’t continue to do that.” “One compelling reason would be that I seem to have trouble controlling myself when I’m outside my preferred environment.” “Which is where the distraction comes in. What makes you happy, Logan?” * Logan stared down at Addison, the blackness of memory crowding in on him. Her question opened up a yawning void, where there was nothing but darkness. What made him happy? He couldn’t remember the last time he’d asked himself that question. He could hardly remember the last time he would’ve cared about the answer. “Nothing.” “Seriously? Nothing? Not…making money? Visiting your mother, Building a successful company. Sex?” Addison’s cheeks turned a delicate shade of pink when she said the word sex, and it sent his mind down a shadowy path it had no business wandering on. “There are things I believe in. A reason I’m still breathing. There must be. Otherwise there truly is no justice in the world.” “It’s a miracle that you survived.” His chest tightened, his stomach twisting hard. The simple, illicit pleasure he’d felt, watching Addison’s skin blush rose, was demolished now. Hundreds of people had said that to him. It had been in countless newspaper articles. And he always let it go, no matter how uncomfortably it sat with him. Not right now. Not today. “Is that what you think?” he asked, watching the color in her cheeks heighten again, for an entirely different reason this time. “What else could it be?” she asked. “Let me tell you this, Addison, there was no great hand that reached down and saved me. The clouds didn’t part. No light shone forth and guided the way. I was alone. Fighting in the dark, waiting every morning to see if I would wake up. Hoping sometimes I wouldn’t. If that’s a miracle, then I pray that you’re spared from ever experiencing one.” “You survived,” she said, her jaw set, her eyebrows locked together. “Because I fought for it.” “Why?” she asked. “If there’s nothing on earth that makes you happy, why bother to fight for it?” “Most days there was nothing else to do.” “You’re making my job very difficult.” “Sorry about that, princess. Was there a place in the brochure for the internship that promised this would be fun? Because I’ll tell you right now, it lied.” “Sadly for me, dealing with you is still more fun than dealing with the press.” “Yes, sadly for you indeed.” “You aren’t taking this seriously.” “I can only take my life so seriously before I start wanting to jump off a building.” Addison paled, swallowing hard. “A woman deciding to jump off a building was the trigger for the devolution of my life. If you could go ahead and refrain, I would really appreciate that.” Almost as foreign as the sexual desire that Addison made him feel was the guilt, which squeezed his windpipe, made him regret his words. It wasn’t that he didn’t feel guilt; he felt it daily. It was simply that he was so accustomed to it he was no longer conscious of it. Until now. Until her. “I’m sorry.” The words on his lips were more foreign than any of the aforementioned feelings. “We’re going out to lunch,” Addison said, her tone crisp, the lack of acceptance of his apology not going unnoticed. Dread quickly replaced the guilt. “Perhaps it escaped your notice last time we went out, but I have a bit of an issue with leaving the hotel.” She only stared back at him, eyes as hard and cold as blue steel. “I know. And it’s time you got over it.”
Page :29 of 146 
* It felt as if there were fire burning beneath the heavy fabric of his suit. Like a flame resting over the surface of his skin, trapped there by his clothing. He could deal with that. That wasn’t unusual. There were days in Black Book when he felt like this. It was the dark spots hovering on the edge of his vision that really caused him concern. The unsteadiness of his legs, brought about by the rolling feeling of the ground beneath his feet. Seasickness on land. He felt that there was some poetic justice to that. That he was destined to feel as if he were on board a ship, being tossed by the waves, when so many people had spent their last moments on earth in that exact same situation because of him. In many ways, this anxiety, these feelings, were his purgatory. His holding cell until he made it down into hell where he belonged. He imagined not many people thought of purgatory as a well-appointed, trendy café, in the center of Manhattan. But he knew better. “How did you manage to get us into a place like this?” he asked, looking over at Addison, who was keeping her focus firmly ahead, her expression tense, her grip on her handbag tight as she surveyed the dining room. “What? You mean a place this in demand? I’m a Treffen, Logan. The fact that my name is social suicide in private is a problem when securing invitations to house parties. However, to clubs and restaurants, that makes me highly desirable. I’m only hoping the press doesn’t show up. But places like this won’t keep their good reputation if they let the media crash.” “Protecting us both?” She smiled, not a hint of the previous strain evident on her face. “Of course. That’s what good socialites do.” She turned and started talking with the host, expressing a desire for a table at the back of the room. He imagined she was trying to get them away from the window, out of view. But he would’ve found it a bit easier to deal with if he was slightly nearer an exit. Actually he had a feeling he was lying to himself. He had a feeling nothing would make this easier. Still, he’d been out in public for nearly twenty-five minutes and hadn’t lost his shit entirely. All things considered, that was progress. He followed Addison to their table, watching as every diner in the room turned to watch her progress. He couldn’t blame them. She was captivating. She would credit the fact that she was a Treffen, that she was a walking scandal, and while he was certain that was part of it, he knew it wasn’t all of it. She was the epitome of beauty. An uncommonly rare bit of loveliness, wrapped in expensive silk. Both untouchable and irresistible. Impossible to look away from. She sat at the table, and dimly he realized he probably should’ve pulled her chair out for her. Past Logan would’ve done it back in his former life. Then past Logan would’ve taken her, such a beautiful, pristine creature, back to his penthouse. And there, he would’ve screwed her and then never called her again. Past Logan might have appeared more civilized than the man he was now, but it had been a lie. He didn’t deserve to touch her now, and he knew that. But the truth was, he had never deserved it. It was just that before he wouldn’t have cared. Because back then he’d thought the world had existed for him. Back then he’d imagined himself untouchable. How wrong he’d been. How quickly he’d found out that there was no horror on this earth that he was above. “Have you looked at the menu?” Addison asked. “No,” he said, looking beyond her at the sea of people and immediately feeling nauseated. He looked at her instead. At the way she was fiddling with her earring. Long, elegant fingers sliding over the jewel. There was something unconsciously sensual about it. He found it fascinating. Both the motion, and the fact that he found it sensual, when that part of him had been dormant for so long. Yet Addison called the response from him effortlessly, made him crave things, things he thought lost to him. Things he’d prayed were lost to him. Because desiring her, having the physical ability, the physical need, didn’t change the fact that he couldn’t have her. “Do you need me to order for you?” A small smile curved her lips, mischief lighting her eyes. It was a welcome change from the forced neutrality, and from the occasional, fleeting sadness he saw there. “What would you order me?” “I don’t know. What’s the current food trend among eccentric, skittish billionaires?” “I have no idea. That’s the problem with eccentric billionaires given to bouts of agoraphobia. We don’t often attend meetings. Or speak to each other.”
Page :30 of 146 
“I imagine not.” She ran her fingertips over the edge of the menu. “We could get the special.” He really didn’t care what he ate. He’d spent two years subsisting on plants, berries, and crudely cooked, undesirable meat. All of which had been trial and error. He wasn’t overly picky about what he consumed these days. “Suits me.” Addison flagged down the waiter and put in their order, getting water for both of them, rather than the suggested wine. The noise in the restaurant was beginning to grate, the low hum of conversation scraping over his nerves like sandpaper over raw flesh. Then, next to them, a woman knocked her wine over, the glass splintering as it crashed against the silverware on the table, the sound piercing through him, slicing through the tentative control that he’d only just been managing to cling to. A tremor ran through his body, pulling at his stomach, a seed of nausea that grew and expanded until it began to take over. A creeping vine that wrapped itself around his vital organs and squeezed tight. He gritted his teeth, trying to keep himself rooted to the present, rooted to reality. Logically, he knew that he was in a restaurant. That nothing could happen here. That the icy depths of the ocean, and the icy fingers of those who were now at the bottom of it because of him, were not going to reach up and grab him. But logic had no place in these moments. That was the most terrifying thing about them. He couldn’t outthink them, he couldn’t outrun them. When they took him over, they took him over completely. Utterly and without mercy. A cold sweat broke out over his brow, spreading down the back of his neck, icy pinpricks that dotted his skin all over. And he felt himself drifting, moving further away from the present, as his vision tunneled. “Logan?” The softness of Addison’s voice pierced the hum of their surroundings, broke through the crashing sound that had taken over his brain. He fought through the blackness and looked up, looked toward the sound of her voice, at her face. Pink lips, pink cheeks, pale skin. Like rose petals on the snow. Life in a frozen wasteland. And he wanted to touch her, more than anything. To feel her warmth beneath his hands. To feel her breath against his lips. To cover her mouth with his and take that breath in for himself. To make himself feel again, to make himself alive again. Logan, help me. But it wasn’t Addison’s voice coming through the darkness now. It wasn’t the voice of the living, but the dead. A reminder of why he couldn’t touch her. Why he couldn’t use her to anchor him now. No, he deserved this half-life. Anything more was for better men. “Logan, we can go if you need to.” He curled his hand around the fork to his left, squeezing hard, the tines breaking through to his skin, the pain doing what he wouldn’t allow Addison to do. Anchoring him. Bringing him back. As his vision cleared, he could see the look of horror on her face, the terror in her blue eyes, as she realized what he had done to himself. “Yes,” he said, still not feeling the pain in his hand. He knew it was there, and he knew he would feel it eventually, but right now it provided nothing but relief. Provided nothing but an escape from the black memories that coated him like oil, leaving a film that would never wash away. “You need to go?” she asked. “It would perhaps be for the best,” he said, the measured monotone words coming out in stranger’s voice. “I’ll just get the food to go.” “Forget about the food,” he said, his tone rough, the pain from his self-inflicted wound starting to burn, the reality of the situation he was in, the reality of what he was, far too real now. He was a man with blood on his hands, literally right now, a crimson trail dripping down his wrist, staining the pristine cuff of his shirt. He was a man who couldn’t sit in a restaurant and eat a meal without suffering from a debilitating flashback. From anxiety that wrapped its jaws around his throat shook hard, threatening to suffocate him. “All right,” she said, “let’s go.” This time, she didn’t try to touch him. Didn’t try to use her hands to offer comfort. It was what he wanted. What he should want. But he found himself grieving the loss of that offer. Grieving the loss of his one chance at human connection since he’d returned from the island. He stood, keeping his eyes fixed on the exit door, on his limo beyond that, parked against the curb. And he turned all his concentration on making it to that point. On putting one foot in front of the other. On not falling to his knees. On not throwing up on the carpet. If the media ever got a hold of the story, they would lap it up like cats after cream. Logan Black, Manhattan’s most notorious playboy, reduced to a whimpering child at the prospect of going into public.
Page :31 of 146 
The thought of that headline, needling at pride he’d thought long lost to him, kept him moving. He didn’t deserve to cling to a shred of pride, not after what had happened. But whether he deserved it or not, he would hold on to it. If he would deny himself Addison, then he would damn well keep this. Only when they were inside the limo did he breathe again. Beside him, Addison was shaking. “I am sorry your experiment didn’t work,” he bit out. “Not half as sorry as I am,” she said. “You think that disturbed you more than it disturbed me?” “I’m responsible for putting you in that situation.” Her tone was fierce, regretful, and it made him angry. Because he didn’t deserve her regret. Addison Treffen was too good to waste a moment feeling guilty for causing him pain. “No, Addison, I am responsible for putting me in the situation. No one else. I did this to me. Just like I ended the lives of everyone on board that yacht.” “You’re not God, Logan. You have to stop taking credit for things that were beyond your control.” Addison leaned back in her seat, lifting a shaking hand at her forehead and pushing golden hair away from her face. “I can tell it bothers you to think I might be responsible for what happened. But I’m under no illusions about my fault in it. And you shouldn’t be either.” “Do you think I care? Do you think I care for me? I care for you. Because you’re wasting this life on unnecessary guilt. You’re wasting the extra time you’ve been given acting like you’re dead.” “Is that what you think, Addison? That I’ve been given a gift? That my years spent on that godforsaken island were a gift?” Logan closed his eyes while the sounds of that night ran through his mind. He had very little in the way of visual memory of the night the yacht sank. It had been dark, the chaos around them so intense it had been hard to see anything. But he’d heard. He’d heard everything. “The only reason I survived was that somebody had to be the messenger.” “Logan, logically you have to know that none of this is your fault.” Rage poured through him, at her, at himself. She wasn’t supposed to believe in him. He didn’t deserve for anyone to believe in him. “It was my boat. My responsibility. I didn’t check a damn thing. Didn’t listen when the crew expressed concern. That’s on me, Addison, always. I’m not trying to outrun it. I’m not trying to deny it. And I won’t, ever. Because I don’t deserve to walk away from it clean. I’m going to say something,” he said, “that I’ve never said out loud. And after I say it, I don’t want to talk about it anymore. After I say it, we won’t talk about this again. You won’t try to convince me it wasn’t my fault. And I won’t tell you any more horror stories.” “I’m listening,” she said, her voice sounding far away to him, disconnected. The ocean was roaring in his ears now, closer than the sound of the Manhattan streets. “I talked to the family members,” he said. “When I got back. Because they all wanted to know. Because I was back and I was alive, so…they all wanted to know what happened. They all hoped their loved ones were alive. Having me back…it raised the dead in their minds. I talked to wives, I talked to mothers, to fathers. To adult children. And I lied to them.” “What?” “I told them it was so fast that no one even knew what hit them. I told them that their loved ones didn’t suffer. I told them…the waves overtook them and that was it. No suffering. No pain. That drowning is like falling asleep. It was a lie,” he said. “It was dark when the storm hit,” he continued. “The waves broke the boat apart. It was so violent. Furniture coming unbolted and flying everywhere. Breaking bones. And then…and then once the water overtook the boat…well, you wanted off because rooms were filling up and if you got stuck in them…you were just going to drown faster. And drowning is not like falling asleep. I nearly drowned that night. It hurts, Addison. Some died quickly. Others not so much. But you know shipwrecks and bodies and injuries bring one thing.” “Logan…” Her voice was choked. “Don’t—” He lifted his hand, looked down at the trail of crimson staining his shirt all the way up to his elbow. “We had sharks to contend with. And those that survived the night heard all of it. Waited to see if they’d be next while they clung to pieces of the boat. I lied to the families. Every single one of them. And that is why I believe I survived. Not for a higher purpose. Not because of a miracle. Because someone had to come back and lie.”
Page :32 of 146 
Chapter Eight Addison was in too deep, and she knew it. Panic attacks were one thing. Watching him pierce his own skin with a fork was quite another. Then there was also his admission about the night the ship had gone down. About how everyone had died, horribly, in terror. About how he blamed himself for all that death, all that pain. It made her wonder if she was better off going back to just being a shiny, smiling Treffen, not pushing, not trying to help Logan out of the mire of anxiety he was sinking in. He wouldn’t throw her out if she did stop trying to help him. She could probably happily exist in the private bedroom on his floor. Answering phones, ignoring the fact that he wasn’t wearing shoes, that he wouldn’t be leaving the hotel that day, or the day after that, or the day after that. Yes, she was sure that would be better. Better than this splintering feeling of helplessness that was spidering through her chest. Making her feel inept, making her ache. Making her care. She wasn’t supposed to care about him, and yet she found that she did. Really, in a situation like this, there was one rule. Don’t get attached to your emotionally unstable boss. It seemed like a simple directive. And yet it was one she didn’t seem able to follow. Because she did care, whether it was because he was hot and she was just that shallow, or because he was hurting, because he was lost just as she was. Oh, sure, she wasn’t unable to go out; she wasn’t crippled by anxiety. But she had lost her vision of the world she’d believed in. Had lost her reality. On that level she related to him. She too had found today a bit of a trial. Leaving the hotel and going out in public, unsure of what she might face. Media, friends who were no longer friends, she’d had no idea. Thinking about Logan had been easier. Much easier than thinking about her own issues. Than what it meant for her to be seen in public for the first time in a while. She felt so exposed now. As if everyone could see beneath her makeup and down to all her insecurities and flaws. Flaws she’d kept covered with the enhancement of the Treffen name. A name that now afforded no protection. So she’d kept her focus on him. On his problems. That only intensified the feeling of connection between them. It was, in fact, the primary explanation for any feeling of connection between them. Because otherwise the only thing she had in common with Logan was the tax bracket their parents fell into. Addison looked around the empty office, feeling completely at loose ends. She hadn’t seen him since they left the restaurant yesterday. Since he made that horrible admission. Could nothing be normal? Could she have no template to follow? She sighed, twisting slightly in the office chair. Then a very strange urge overtook her. She’d seen kids in movies spin in chairs, but she’d never done anything like that before. Because it was undignified. But who would care now? And why should she? She lifted her feet off the floor and spun in a circle, a strange thrill—completely disproportionate to the act—shooting through her. And when she stopped, facing the door, she saw her boss standing there, staring. She cleared her throat, smoothing her hair, her skirt. “Good morning, Logan. I wasn’t sure when to expect you.” He arched an eyebrow. “I’m guessing you weren’t. Expecting me, that is.” “What makes you say that?” “The fact that you’re treating my office chair like a merry-go-round.” She did her best to shake off her embarrassment at having been caught in something so juvenile. “Someone should have some fun in here. And since you aren’t going to do it, I thought I might test it out.” “You don’t really seem like someone who has a lot more fun than I do.” “What you talking about? I have tons of fun. Shopping, really boring parties, dating a guy who’s more into my family name than he is me. Tons and tons of fun.” Her words rang false, and they both knew it. “Yes, it sounds like you could teach a class on having fun.” “How’s your hand?” She probably shouldn’t ask, because he probably wouldn’t want to answer. Probably wouldn’t want to acknowledge what had happened in the restaurant. But she found she didn’t really care what he wanted. And she found she wasn’t afraid of his wrath either. If there was one thing she’d learned about Logan Black, it was that he was far more dangerous to himself than he was to anyone else. “Fine.” She tapped her fingers on the desk, her nails making a clicking sound in time with the motion. “You don’t want to talk about it?”
Page :33 of 146 
He looked at her, his eyes blank. “What do you think, Addison?” “I bet you don’t want to talk about it. However, you did ask for my help. And I’m discovering that I can be extremely stubborn. It’s interesting, because I didn’t realize that. Because my goals have always been tied to the goals of other people. I wanted my father’s approval, so I set about to become the daughter that he wanted me to be. I dated the man I knew he wanted me to date, and I did my best to be the girlfriend that man wanted. Then I lost everything, in a glorious hailstorm of reporters and bullets. Well, bullet. Either way, I lost everything that day, including, the person I thought I was. I think you and I have more in common than you might think. Anyway, I’m busy trying to figure out who I might be. Stubborn is one of the first words to add to that list.” He crossed his arms over his chest. “The pain was a distraction. I needed to use it to keep myself from…I’m not sure if they’re flashbacks or just anxiety attacks.” “There’s no just about it. If they are so bad you’d rather stab yourself with a fork than experience one, I think you can drop the just.” “It’s only a distraction, Addison. Nothing more masochistic than that.” “If you need a distraction, can’t you find something else? Find your happy place, remember?” “And I told you I don’t have one. Remember?” “That can’t be true.” He lifted his shoulder, the gesture casual maddening, considering what they were talking about. “I’m sorry the truth bothers you so much.” “Can’t you find another way to distract yourself? Something other than pain?” Suggestions flooded her mind, nothing she could possibly speak out loud, because she could hardly understand them even as they were. Unspoken, half-formed. Pleasure. The word echoed in her mind. If he could use pain, why not something positive? Her eyes locked with his, need twisting her stomach. What did he do to her? Okay, that was stupid, it wasn’t as if she didn’t know. She knew attraction. She knew desire. And while both of those things had been sharply mitigated for most of her life, it wasn’t as if she’d never felt them. Still, for whatever reason, this thing she felt for Logan seemed a whole lot more intense. A lot more dangerous. She was about to break every rule ever set before her. Things were going to get uncomfortable. She was going to make it awkward. She was going to do something very unsocialite. Something very un-Treffen. “You need something else to focus on.” “Such as?” Addison took a deep breath. “Me.” * That word, spoken in Addison’s cool, crisp voice, sent a shock wave through Logan’s body. What was it about this woman that challenged four years of self-control? Of self-denial that was almost perfect?. Cold, numb. Until her. All of this, this deep, wrenching need in his gut, had been gone for so long. And now she’d come and ripped the lid off the well he kept so carefully sealed. In the past four years he’d had erections, sure. He’d jacked off. Here, and on the island. But just like hunger, the need to regulate his body temperature, he’d divorced himself from the true depth and breadth of the need. When he’d satisfied his hunger with a piece of sour fruit, he never let himself think of how much better it was to have steak and potatoes. When he found shelter and warmth by a fire after a rainstorm, he didn’t let himself remember how much more satisfying it was to be dry, in a soft bed instead of on the dirt. And when he took himself in hand and brought himself to orgasm, he didn’t let himself think of how it had been to be inside a woman. To have her skin against his. To kiss her lips and feel her tremble beneath his touch. He had forgotten why arousal was something good. Why it was something he’d once enjoyed. He had forgotten why life was something he’d enjoyed. It had become sparse, bleak. A long, cold walk that only ended in one place. Death. Life, and all the appetites that plagued the human body, had become things to endure. To satisfy at their basest level, just enough, to keep on going. To keep on breathing. Addison, her face, her beauty, her softness—softness he could never be allowed to test for himself—reminded him that there was more to arousal than quick, simple alleviation of it. Addison made him want. Far beyond the necessary. He wanted to see her pale skin flushed pink with pleasure, to hear that perfectly cultured voice grow thick with need, to hear her say his name as he buried himself deep inside her, brought her to completion.
Page :34 of 146 
Damn, it had been so long since he fantasized about bringing a partner pleasure. It had been so long since he fantasized at all. “Perhaps you should be more specific.” His voice sounded rough even to his own ears, his blood roaring south of his belt. “It’s very likely that I might mistake your offer.” He didn’t know why he was pressing her. He wouldn’t touch her, no matter how much he wanted to. He hadn’t mistaken her offer. But some part of him, wanted to see her reaction. Wanted to force a reaction. Wanted her to see him as he saw her. An exercise in futility. Because even if she wanted him, he would never touch her. “What exactly did you think I was offering?” His gaze was drawn down to the base of her neck, to the pulse that was throbbing there. Steady, hard, alive. He fought the inexplicable urge to reach out and touch her there. To place his thumb right over that undeniable sign of life. You really are a sick bastard, aren’t you? Not new information. Just another moment of confirmation. “You’ll have to come out and say it,” he said. “I’m not guessing.” He wouldn’t say the words, and this would give her a chance to back out. She would. She wouldn’t press. He was certain. She was trained not to make waves. Then her blue eyes met his, her jaw set, her determination evident. And he knew that he’d underestimated her. “If you think putting your hands on me instead of a fork would help, Logan, you should just say so.” Heat shot through him, pooled in his gut. “You don’t want to play this game with me, little girl.” His throat was so tight he could barely speak, barely breathe. “You have no idea what game I want to play, Logan Black.” She took a step toward him, her shoulders tight, her stress evident, but even so, she showed no signs of giving. “I barely know what I want. At least I haven’t for a long time. Right now? Right now things actually seem clear.” He looked at her, at the glittering determination in her eyes. “You don’t know what you’re asking for.” “Sex, right?” Her cheeks blazed with color, her gaze never leaving his as she took another step toward him. And in his veins, coursing through him, he felt every bit of weakness he thought he’d left at the bottom of the ocean. “I’m not that naive.” She tilted her head, and her hair slid over her shoulder, glinting in the light like spun gold. He wanted to touch it. Wanted to sift his fingers through the silken strands. Wanted to curl his fingers into a fist and hold her tight. Hold her steady while his lips crashed down over hers. While he showed her why she needed to stay away from him, while he showed her just what it was she had to be afraid of. He wanted to push her away and pull her close, all at the same time. And if that wasn’t a special kind of screwed up, he didn’t know what was. “Is that what you want, Addison? To be my sexual therapy? Sacrifice your body on the altar of my issues? What could I have possibly done to deserve that?” “You make it sound like it’s something you don’t want.” She said the words with tremulous insecurity, the icy facade cracking for a moment, revealing soft, enticing vulnerability beneath. Her vulnerability should not appeal to him. It was that vulnerability, that softness, that reinforced the need for him to turn away. But damn him, he wasn’t repelled by it. He was attracted to it. Desperately. Insatiably. You have no right. No, he had no right. No right to look at her. No right to want her. But that didn’t stop the unquenchable fire that burned through his body. “Life is about a lot more than want.” Logan took a step toward her, feeling every inch the predator advancing on his prey. And why not? It was a good idea really. Corner her, frighten her, and then, when she realized how badly she wanted to escape, he would let her. “If want was the only thing that mattered, my want, I would have had you on my desk the moment you walked through the door that first day.” He could see her resolve wavering, could see the comfort she felt with him beginning to drain away. He’d shaken her. Which was just what he wanted. Already regret was tearing at him, which was a good sign. Because if he was fighting his nature, it meant he was doing a good thing. His conscience was seared past the point of feeling, and he honestly had no other way to gauge it. Still, in spite of her wariness, she didn’t shrink, didn’t back down as expected. “Has it occurred to you that I might’ve liked that?” He moved closer to her, testing his own limits. She smelled like the jungle after a rainstorm. Like flowers, and clean air. Damn, he wanted to lean in, to drink her in. To devour her completely.
Page :35 of 146 
“Why, Addison? If what you want is a quick screw, there are easier ways. Easier men. Men who don’t panic at the thought of going outside.” Color suffused her cheeks. “You’re implying that one man would be just as good as another to me. I think I’m offended by that.” “Don’t waste your time taking offense to anything I say. You’ll spend far too much time being upset.” “I’m not going to beg you to touch me, Logan. But I am going to beg you to let me help you. My father was…a waste of space who thought he ruled the world. Who never wasted one moment feeling bad for anything he did. He was defiant to the end. Blaming the people he’d hurt for the pain they were in. And here you are, shouldering the blame for everything. Crippled. Unable to live your life. You’re killing yourself by inches, and I won’t allow you to do it anymore.” His chest tightened. He could hardly breathe. “Why does it matter to you? Have I given you something so that you feel indebted to me? Have I given you anything, any reason, to think that I deserve your compassion? Your help?” “No,” she breathed, the word stark. Honest. “Is it so hard to believe that I just want you?” The conversation had morphed into something entirely different. They were no longer skirting around the sexual tension between them. They were facing it head-on, unwrapping it and examining in the cold light of day. He had no clue why they were doing this. It was a terrible idea. And it would not end well. “Yes,” he said, his voice rough. Once again, she reached toward him, her delicate hand a temptation he almost couldn’t resist. “Stop, Addison. Just stop. I get that you’re having a moment of self-discovery. That you think because you found independence, you’ve found the secret to life. But this is way over your head, princess. You don’t understand what you are dealing with here.” “Because I’m a dumb rich girl, or just because you think I’m dumb in general?” “Because you have no idea how dark the world can be. You have no idea what a person’s capable of doing, what I’m capable of doing… Just get out.” Her eyes filled with tears, and the conscience he’d thought was beyond feeling burned. She looked angry, she looked hurt, but she didn’t argue. Instead she turned on her heel and walked out of the office, slamming the door behind her. Rage filled him, impotent, pointless rage. He wanted to tear down his office, tear down the entire building. Wanted to tear down his past so that there was something different in its place, so he could have a hope at a different future. Instead he loosened his tie, wrenching the door back open and storming out of his office. He would take care of this in the gym. And when he was done, he would figure out what to do. About the speech, about Addison. And about the attraction that could never be allowed to burn out of control. Chapter Nine Addison woke up gasping for breath. Fighting through the mist that shrouded her brain, trying to escape the icy fingers that were reaching through the darkness to grab her. The nightmares were getting worse. Visions of men waiting to buy her while her father looked on, a cold smile curving his lips, a bullet hole in one side of his head. And on the other side was a group of women. They were chained together. Naked, clinging to each other and looking at her, accusation burning from their eyes. And in the midst of all that, she felt an icy, sick grief that made her ache. That made her want to run to her father. Even as he was in this vision, a cold, undead stranger. The grief was wrapped in fear, wrapped in guilt. If she loved that man, even a little bit, was she complicit somehow? If he had lived, would he have been able to convince her that he’d been right somehow? “No.” She spoke the word into the darkness, trying to make it true, trying to make herself believe it. It didn’t matter anyway, because she would never be tested in that way. Jason was dead. Her father was dead. And she didn’t even have good memories left of him. Because they were alive. Because Jason Treffen, as she knew him, had been a lie. She sucked in a shaking breath and swung her legs over the side of the bed, padding into the bathroom and taking care of business, before walking back out into the bedroom. Going back to bed didn’t seem attractive at all, but it was only 4:00 a.m., and getting up didn’t hold a lot of appeal either. Maybe, if she went down to the lobby, she could find some Skittles. Or some variety of candy at least. She was living in a hotel, so she might as well make the best use of it. The alternative was staying here with ghosts, and other things that went bump in the night.
Page :36 of 146 
“No, thank you.” She wandered to the wardrobe and pulled a pair of yoga pants out of the top drawer. It wasn’t the most fashionable look, paired with her long white sleep shirt, but she didn’t care about fashion right now. Her mother would be appalled. Even going down to the hotel lobby sans full war paint would be a travesty to her. But Addison didn’t have the energy for it right now. She was tired of pretending. Even if she had no idea what not pretending would entail. She pushed open the door to her suite and peeked out into the hallway. It was empty, just as she’d expected it to be. Well, if she were honest, she’d half expected to find Logan prowling around. No such luck. She rolled her eyes at herself. It would not be luck to encounter Logan right now. Especially not after the way they’d left things earlier. Now, that was what she should be worrying about. And not horrible dreams about Jason. She’d made an idiot of herself with Logan. She’d practically thrown herself at him. And that was what happened when she deviated from the script. From the simple, safe rules she’d always lived her life by. She crossed her arms beneath her breasts and kept walking toward the elevator. Yes, she felt terminally embarrassed by the whole thing. And she felt every inch the inexperienced virgin that she was. Hopelessly attracted to an unsuitable man, probably just because of the proximity. Well, the proximity, her fragile emotional state, and the fact that he was…well, he was hot. Better women than her had fallen prey to Logan Black. At least, back when he’d been a practicing playboy. He seemed something of a born-again monk these days. Of course, he hadn’t even left the hotel in three months. Though she imagined women were more than willing to deliver themselves to his doorstep. Probably even gift wrapped. She tried to focus on something else. Anything else. Though all she seemed to be able to come up with were more worries. She thought of Harlow. And the fact that she still hadn’t heard from her friend. Anxiety curled the edges of her stomach in. She stepped out of the elevator, before the doors could close, then turned back toward her room. She didn’t need to find candy. If she couldn’t sleep, she was better off spending her time making an effort to get in touch with Harlow. It was waking hours in England, after all. She started back toward her bedroom, and paused when she realized the door to Logan’s gym was cracked open. She hesitated, knowing that she shouldn’t. Knowing that she should just keep walking. She should go back to her room and contact Harlow. Well, maybe Harlow doesn’t want you to contact her. Maybe she’s avoiding you. Just like everyone else. Even Logan was avoiding her now. Since she’d gone and been far too honest about the way she felt about him. Which was ridiculous, because she hadn’t been sure she’d felt that strongly about her attraction until she spoke it out loud to him. A very poor decision. And in a life that had been largely void of those, it was notable. If it wasn’t so embarrassing, she might be proud of it. She placed her palm flat against the door, freezing for a moment, before deciding to push it open the rest of the way. Yes, Logan had warned her about this. But, in keeping with the theme of bad decisions, she might as well go all out. The gym was empty, dark and slightly eerie. Ropes and various equipment creating black silhouettes in the gray. She wrapped her arms tightly around herself, in an attempt to stave off the slight chill, the air of foreboding that was crawling over her skin. Across the room, a seam of light outlined the door that, Addison assumed, led to Logan’s bedroom. Heart pounding in her temples, she started across the room. “Don’t go toward the light,” she muttered to herself as she did just that. By the time she reached the door, her throat was dry and her palms were slick with sweat. But she was determined. Because for some reason, this was all entwined with her quest for self-discovery. Her quest to figure out just who Addison Treffen was. She didn’t know where this would end. She only knew that at least she’d chosen to be on this path. She pushed the door open and looked around. It was a living room area, all the furniture pushed back against the walls. The center of the room empty. Except for a blanket, rumpled up in the center of the floor. She looked toward the bathroom, then felt a draft of cold air blow through the room. She looked toward the windows, the curtains still drawn over them, the end of one floating upward in the breeze, rain sneaking beneath the heavy silk and pooling on the carpet. Something about it seemed wrong. And sure, he could be in his room asleep. And he might’ve just forgotten to shut the window. But for some reason, with everything she knew about Logan, with everything she’d seen of him, she doubted it.
Page :37 of 146 
He did strange things, but he did nothing by accident. Nothing was due to forgetfulness. For him, it was all a matter of survival. “What are you doing, Logan Black?” she said, her heart pounding hard, panic surging through her as she walked over to the windows and tugged the curtains aside. It was a door out to a balcony, rather than a window as she’d assumed. She moved away, from the door, and turned toward what she assumed was Logan’s bedroom. She took a deep breath and crossed the near empty space, looking inside and finding his bed empty, still made. As if he’d never been in it. She looked back out toward the living room, toward the curtains, being twisted by the wind. Curiosity was quickly morphing into fear. There were only so many places he could be. The man never left the Black Book. She walked back to the balcony door. She stepped outside, and rain whipped against her face, blowing her hair into her mouth. She looked back and forth and didn’t see him. Didn’t see anything. Panic scrambled up her chest and wrapped its fingers around her throat. Oh no. He was in a bad place. He’d been in a bad place. For a long time. And she imagined very few people had any idea just how bad. I can only take my life so seriously before I start wanting to jump off a building. She knew people did that. Rich people, successful people. People who looked as if they had it all together. Her father had created the kinds of demons that sent people down this path. And even though Jason Treffen had never touched Logan, the demons had found him all the same. “Damn you, Logan!” she shouted, the wind swallowing her voice, swallowing the uncharacteristic words. “If you’ve jumped off this building I will kill you!” She pushed her hair off her face, taking a step toward the far end of the balcony. She could see a flash of white there, barely visible against the inky black darkness. “Logan?” she shouted, walking closer, the wind and rain plastering her thin white T-shirt to her skin. Logan was crouched in the corner, his knees drawn up to his chest, his shoulders hunched forward. “Logan,” she said again, kneeling down beside him, her heart pounding hard. He didn’t respond. As if she weren’t there. He lifted his head and she could see his eyes, glittering in the distant city lights. He was asleep. Or hallucinating. Or something. Either way, he wasn’t here. And it wasn’t her he saw. This was worse than the restaurant, worse than anything she’d seen him experience. Before, his own personal hell had been biting at his heels. Now he had descended into it. Being consumed by the flames. And she couldn’t reach him. Helplessness threatened to drown her. The feeling that she was incapable of handling this, that there was nothing she could do. That she simply didn’t possess the kind of strength required to reach this man. But she needed to reach this man. So she had to find the strength. “Logan…please…” There was nothing. No sign of the man she knew. No hint of recognition. Then he looked at her, his blue eyes lit up by a flash of lightning across the sky. “Logan.” His hands shot up, fingers curling around her throat, his thumb pressing into the hollow at the base of her neck. She froze, droplets falling on her face, running down her cheeks. And for a moment, she couldn’t tell if she was crying, or if it was just rain on her face. His hold was firm, his grip tight. It was no surprise, considering all the time he spent in the gym. A strange observation possibly, but it was better than dissolving into tears. Better than giving in to terror She took a breath, labored beneath his hold. “Logan,” she said, forcing the words out, each sound choked. “Logan it’s me. Addison.” She said his name again and again. Hoping to break through the wall that seemed to be built around him, holding him in another part of the world she couldn’t see. Keeping him from seeing her. A hot drop of water ran down her cheek, and she knew that it was a tear. Not for herself. For him. For the hell he was living in his dreams. “Logan,” she said again on a sob, his name a whisper. “Come back to me.” His face. There was so much torment in that face. “Come back to me,” she said again. Suddenly his hands fell away from her neck, his body lurching backward into the brick wall, his eyes wide, wild, but present. His breath coming in short, harsh bursts. He didn’t say anything, he only fell forward, his hands making a hard slapping sound on the wet concrete as he continued to gasp for breath. She pushed her hands through his hair. “Logan. Logan…what can I do?” she asked, feeling the tears falling harder, faster. “What can I do?” She knew he’d have no answer, because she knew he didn’t know either.
Page :38 of 146 
She wrapped her arms around him, grabbing hold of his wet hair and pulling him firmly against her. It didn’t escape her notice that this was the first time they’d touched. Of all the ways she fantasized about him touching her, of what his first touch might be, it hadn’t been this. His hands on her throat. Her clinging to him in the rain, afraid to let go. Afraid if she did he might do something terrible. Like jump off the building for real. “It’s me,” she said, again. “Nothing is going to hurt you.” “I know,” he said, his voice low. “I’m not afraid of that. I’m not afraid for me.” He jerked back from her suddenly and she slipped, her backside landing in a puddle. “Logan…” “Fuck.” He put his hands over his head and leaned forward. The sound that came from deep within him was a cry like a wounded animal. Terrifying. Gut-wrenching. “Fuck, I can’t…Addison…Did I hurt you?” he asked, sounding a little more clear. A little more like himself. “No,” she lied. A tremor racked his frame and she leaned in toward him, gripping his forearm, his muscles tense beneath her palms. “Logan, come on, let’s go in. It’s freezing your…clothes are soaking wet. Why are you wearing a suit?” “I don’t know,” he said, his words shivering along with his body. “Do you sleepwalk?” she asked. “Not normally. Anymore.” “So…yes, then. All right, let’s go inside.” She tugged on him and he lifted them both to their feet. She propelled them both back inside, and he didn’t fight against her. Her skin was chilled, her thin T-shirt doing nothing to shield her from the elements. She could only imagine how he felt. She had no idea how long he’d been out there. And honestly he could have done something…insane. Later, she would wonder about her boldness. About where it had come from. But right now all she cared about was making sure he was okay. To help him. And if he didn’t survive the weeks between now and then, he wouldn’t be making it to the ball. Considering that this was part of her job. But she wasn’t really thinking of it that way. Wasn’t thinking of him as a job. Right now she just saw him as another person in astronomical pain. Someone else who was lost. Who felt alone. In such a short amount of time, he had come to mean so much. It didn’t make sense. She’d known Nora, Harlow…the girls in her sorority for years and yet holding them at a distance, keeping her reserve intact was easy. More than that, it was impossible to react any other way. But with Logan there was no choice. He’d compromised her reserve from the start, and today he’d demolished it. Tonight? Tonight she feared he’d nearly demolished her. It was beyond her understanding, but then, her entire life didn’t make sense. Why should this? “First things first.” She tugged him toward the bathroom and turned on the shower, hot water coming out almost immediately, steam starting to fill the room. She pushed him inside, in his slacks and white shirt, and followed him in, closing the glass door behind them, her arms wrapped around his chest as she kept him directly beneath the hot water. Neither of them spoke. She just leaned her head against his back as the water ran over them both. “I wasn’t supposed to touch you,” he said, his voice rough, full of regret. He was shivering, the violent shaking punctuating each word. “I wasn’t ever supposed to touch you.” “And now you have.” “You shouldn’t be here with me. You shouldn’t touch me.” “What? Like this?” She moved her hands over his chest. “It’s too late, the damage is done.” He swore, the sound harsh in the small space. “Turn and face me.” He obeyed. With unsteady fingers she started unbuttoning his shirt, the wet fabric completely transparent now. She had never undressed a man before. And she certainly hadn’t imagined her first time doing so being anything like this. “In another situation I might have thanked you for the wet dress shirt contest. But I’m thinking that’s slightly inappropriate right now.” “Possibly,” he said, helping her shove the shirt from his shoulders, the wet fabric clinging to his skin. He threw it to the corner of the shower. She decided it would be best for everyone if she left his pants on. She watched the shift of his muscles, the water rolling over every dip and swell. Emphasizing the perfect definition of each hard line of his body. He was the most beautiful, dangerous creature she had ever seen. A smart person knew to run away from dangerous creatures. She was, apparently, the type of person who didn’t run. Who stood entranced by the beauty before her, uncaring about the potential threat posed.
Page :39 of 146 
He turned away from her again and she leaned her head against his back, her body pressed against his, as she listened to his heartbeat, growing steadier, growing slower. “What do you see?” she asked. “When you’re there, wherever you go, what is it you see?” He took a deep breath, his back rising and falling beneath her cheek. “I can’t tell you.” She lifted her hand and traced the trail left behind by a water droplet. She knew she had no right to touch him like this. Like a lover. It was all under the guise of care, but for her, it could never just be that. But he had put his hands around her neck. For some reason, in her mind, she felt as if this gave her some rights to his body. “Why?” “Because you don’t need to know. And I mean…you don’t want it in your head, Addison. I don’t want it in mine, but I can’t ever forget it. I won’t.” He turned to her, his expression fierce, his lips pale, pressed into a hard line. “You won’t ever want to touch me again. Not when you know.” “Tell me,” she said, knowing that he spoke the truth. That she didn’t want to know. That it would probably break what was between them. That it would probably break something in her. “After tonight I imagine you’ll never let me touch you again anyway.” She could see that it was ravaging him, destroying his life, and she couldn’t let him carry it alone anymore. Or he would never be able to sleep in a bed, or go out in public. Somehow she knew that much. That if he kept it inside it would always end with him crouched in the corner in the rain. He didn’t speak. They stayed in the shower until her fingers got wrinkled and her skin turned red. When they got out, her clothing was plastered to her body. “I have a robe,” he said, carefully keeping his eyes averted from her breasts, which she knew, were fully visible through the sodden T-shirt. “It’s hanging on the back of the door. Put it on. I’ll wait.” He walked out of the bathroom, closing the door firmly behind him. She peeled her T-shirt off her body, her pants following. Then she pulled a plush black bathrobe from a hook and put it on. It was far too big for her, sized for Logan’s frame, the sleeves extending down well past her fingertips. But it was better than being wet. And it was better than being naked. “Just a second,” she said. “I mean, I still want to know, but I think it can wait until we get some essentials.” They were having this talk, they were having this moment. Even if it was only tonight, she was going to force him to share his burden, just for a while. She picked up the handset to the phone that was positioned on the side table in the corner and dialed the front desk. “Hi,” she said. “This is Addison Treffen. Yes, I’m in Mr. Black’s suite.” She knew what they would think, and she didn’t care. For once in her life, she didn’t care what anyone else thought. “Can you send up some food?” “Food?” the woman on the other end asked. “Yes. Steak and potatoes. Green beans if you have them. Still water and a Diet Coke.” “Sure,” the woman said, recovering from her initial bit of shock. Addison knew that requests from Logan’s room—coming from strange women—for food at five in the morning were probably very uncommon. But Logan was rich enough that his eccentricities should be catered to by his staff. “That will probably take a little time. But I’ll have the kitchen get to it as soon as possible.” “Thank you.” She hung up. “Steak?” he asked. “It’s five in the morning.” “Yeah, I know, and I have a feeling you have some things to say. But I also thought you might be hungry.” Logan nodded once. “I’m going to go change.” Addison paced back and forth across the living room, waiting for Logan to reappear while she called herself several different kinds of idiot. She was insane. She was staying here, in a hotel room with a man who had just grabbed her throat. She had gotten into the shower with him, taken his shirt off him. And now she was staying to listen to the story he told her she didn’t want to hear. She should know by now that when Logan said something was bad, he was talking about bad on a level that was difficult for her to comprehend. He was talking about sinking ships, the screams of the dying. He was talking about not being able to leave his hotel for three months. He was talking about waking nightmares, about the kinds of memories that pulled him out of bed, even in sleep, that forced him to punish himself while he was dreaming.
Page :40 of 146 
She should know that when he said something was bad, he meant it. And when he said he didn’t want to tell her, she should accept that. But she didn’t. She couldn’t. Logan reappeared a moment later, wearing black sweatpants low on his hips and no shirt. Even now, after all the trauma she’d experienced over the course of the last hour, his bare chest had the power to affect her. “I really missed steak,” he said, his voice rough. “I ate a lot of plants. A lot of fruit. Meat when I could manage, but…it was always spare.” “You were thin when you came back. I remember the pictures.” “Yeah. Strong, though. I spent my spare time on the island working out because it kept me sane.” He laughed, the sound bitter, humorless. “Or not, I guess. Tough to argue a case for my sanity at this point.” There was a knock at the door. “I’ll get that,” she said, crossing the room and opening the door. There was a staff member out there with the cart, the food on it covered by a dome. “Fantastic. That was fast.” “It was for Mr. Black,” the woman said, giving her a look that definitely bordered on envious. “Enjoy.” Addison wasn’t used to women envying her for anything other than her shoes. But, considering that she was in Logan’s room in the wee hours of the morning, wearing nothing but a robe, while he sat in the background, shirtless and devilishly handsome, it was natural the woman was making assumptions. And were the situations reversed, Addison would have been envious. Even though this was definitely not what it looked like. “I will,” Addison said, grabbing the edge of the cart before the woman could protest, and pulling it into the room, closing the hotel room door. She wheeled the cart into the center of the room, and Logan took the tray from it, sitting down on the floor, leaning against the couch. Addison took the Diet Coke from the cart and popped the tab on the can. “Tell me,” she said, taking a sip of the soda. Logan looked up from cutting his steak. “I’m going to give you another chance to change your mind. I’m not being dramatic. Trust me. There are things in life that you can’t unknow. That you can’t unsee. And they change things.” “I know,” she said, looking down at the top of the Coke can. “I saw my father get shot in the head.” It was weird to say. More as if she were hearing someone else say the words. As if it were someone else’s experience. “This was after finding out that the man I considered to be an idol was selling women’s bodies. I know all about that, Logan. And I have a right to know about this. I just saw you…sleepwalking out on a balcony. You put your hands on my throat. You could have…I need to know why. I need to know what you see. I know it’s a memory or something. I know it’s…I know it’s real and it’s big. And I don’t think you can carry it alone.” “I have,” he said. “For four years.” “And it’s not going well, obviously.” “You don’t understand,” he said. “You think we can sit here and talk this out over a steak. You think somehow if I share the burden it will fix something that is beyond fixing. That’s how I know you have no idea what…you have no idea.” “Okay,” she said, putting her Coke down on the cart. “Maybe I don’t. But give me credit for what I’ve been through. I’m no more a sheltered rich girl than you are the playboy that you were before you landed on that island. I’m still standing. After everything I’ve been through, I’m still standing. So I think maybe I’m stronger than you give me credit for.” Stronger maybe than she’d given herself credit for. “I think maybe my past is a whole lot darker than you can possibly imagine.” “Try me. What do you have to lose? Nothing. This is just tonight. Tomorrow I’ll go back to being your assistant. But tonight I’m just me. And you’re just you. Tell me who you are. Not who everyone thinks you are, or who you want people to think you are. Tell me who you really are.” She didn’t say anything more. She just waited. For long seconds that turned into minutes. Finally Logan looked up, his blue eyes meeting hers. “I wasn’t the only person who survived the shipwreck.” Chapter Ten “What?” Addison asked. “But you told everyone…” Logan looked back down at his hands, unsure of why he was saying any of this. Of what it would mean when it all finally came out. But he had to. For one reason, and one reason only
Page :41 of 146 
When he wrapped his hands around Addison’s neck tonight, he’d proven that whether he talked about this or not, whether he believed it was hidden or not, it was the thing that haunted his sleep. It refused to be buried. And if he wouldn’t talk about it, it seemed determined to break through the surface of the soil and claw at whoever was near him. Because all this, the memories…they were in him. They were him. And in his sleep they crept over him like a fog and they were all he saw. All he knew. “I lied,” he said, the words hard, cold. “Remember that. I am a liar, and when I came back from that island I told lies for everyone’s comfort. Including my own. But the biggest lie I told was to Kelly’s father. Kelly McIntire. That was her name. She was my…lover. Not really a girlfriend.” “Oh, Logan…” “No, don’t say it like that. I’d slept with her, but I had no more emotional attachment to her than I did to anyone else on the boat. It’s not like I was in love with her.” He cleared his throat. “But I saw her in the water, and I was able to pull her up onto the wood I was floating on. And we managed to make it to shore sometime the next morning. It became very clear, very early it was only the two of us who made it. But…” He stopped, reliving that moment. When his feet had made contact with the sand. When he’d finally been out of that dark, horrible water. Full of hidden dangers, waiting to devour them. The water itself the most deadly. Dark, frigid and fathomless. The island, in that moment, had seemed like a paradise. Rocks, dirt, trees. A secluded rain forest out there in the ocean. How quickly he’d learned that it was its own hell. “She was hurt,” he said. “Injured by…furniture or pieces of the boat. Something that happened during the storm. She was bleeding from her abdomen. I managed to use some clothes to stanch the wound. I made her a place to lie down. Then I got to work right away building a shelter. That’s one thing about being stranded. One thing about survival. You can’t stop, even when you’re exhausted, because nothing in nature is going to wait for you to catch your breath.” He swallowed hard. “I left her there after I was sure she was stable. Climbed up to see what I could see. If there was a town. Roads. People. Shit, there was nothing. Nothing but howler monkeys and birds. Bugs. Spiders the size of baseballs. No people. That was…a horrible thing to find out. That we’d reached land, but not help. Still, I was sure they would come.” He let out a long breath and pressed on. “I didn’t have any way to clean Kelly’s injury. And by the third night there, it was horribly infected. She had a fever. She was starting to hallucinate. She didn’t want me to leave her ever, because she was afraid. And I didn’t blame her. She mostly slept, and when she slept I tried to get things for us. Food. A way to make a fire. I was a dumb rich kid who didn’t know how the hell to light a fire in the first place, much less in a rain forest with no matches. And she was shivering. And vomiting. And in so much pain. And when I left…if she woke up she would scream.” His throat closed up, his muscles locking tight as if his body was trying to force him not to tell the rest. “I couldn’t…I couldn’t take care of her. I couldn’t take care of me. But we were the only two people in the world, as far as I was concerned.” Addison didn’t say anything, she only watched him, her expression serious, but cautious. She was trying not to look scared or horrified, but he could see it all there, glittering in her blue eyes. And he would have to watch it all rise to the top when he told her the rest. But she deserved to know why. Deserved to know why when Kelly had said “Logan, please” he’d put his hands around her throat. And he would have to watch as the desire he’d glimpsed in Addison’s eyes turned to horror. Watch the moment when she saw him as the monster he was. “She was so afraid, Addison. And so was I. I didn’t know what to do. I had nothing to give her for pain. Nothing…there was nothing.” He closed his eyes and replayed those last moments. Like the way he did. Over and over again. Kelly, beads of sweat on her forehead, blood, sweat and dirt matting her dark hair. Logan, please. Please make it stop. Please make it stop. I keep trying to hold my breath, but then I make a mistake and breathe again. Just help me make it stop. “She begged me,” he said, making sure he kept his gaze on Addison’s. “She begged me to end it. To make her stop breathing.” He took a sharp breath, a reminder of what he’d denied her. Of what he still had. “So I did.”
Page :42 of 146 
He let the full meaning of his words sink in. Not just for Addison, but for him. Let it all sink into the room like a stain. One that could never be removed. It was said, and it couldn’t be unsaid. It was done. And he could never go back and see it undone. “We’d been stuck there for two weeks by then,” he said. “I was…I didn’t…” He could see it so clearly still. Feel it. His hands on her neck, her pulse, weak already, slowing. Nausea, terror, riding up in him even as she faded away. Until she closed her eyes. Until the pulse stopped. As if she were asleep. “I didn’t know what else to do,” he said. “She was going to die. And I…” His head cleared and suddenly he was back in the present, looking at Addison’s horrified expression. “I might have died too,” he said, giving voice to the rest of it. To his deepest fear. Why not? He was saying all this anyway, repeating it out loud. He might as well tell the rest. “In the end, I chose myself, Addison. That’s what I do. She was sick, and she was dying…and having it finished only helped me in the end. That’s the kind of man I am. I didn’t fight for her. I let her give up. I helped her give up…so I could be free to fight for me.” She didn’t say anything. She just sat there, frozen. “Get out,” he said. She didn’t move. She just sat there, clutching that damn Coke can. He reached forward and grabbed it, threw it against the wall, trying to jar her. Trying to force a reaction from her. “Did you understand what I just said?” he asked. “I could have killed you out there on that balcony. I was seeing her. I was seeing that night. I was remembering her begging me to take her life, and then me following through with it. Why aren’t you running? Why are you still here?” Addison stood up and looked at him, eyes wide, expression frozen. “Logan…you didn’t…” “I didn’t kill her?” He shook his head. “Don’t give me that condescending shit. I felt her breathing stop, because of me. Because I stopped it for her. And yeah, she asked, in a feverish stupor for me to do it, but it doesn’t change the fact that I did. I could have left her there screaming and alone. I could have sat there and listened to it. But I chose to do what she asked. I chose to help her end her life. So don’t tell me I didn’t kill her, when I know I damn well did. When it’s burned into me like a brand. I remember what it was like to put my hands over that horrible injury of hers. To have her blood up to my elbows…don’t tell me what happened. Don’t tell me what you think you know when you weren’t there. When the memories are with me, all the time, like a movie I can never turn off. Now get out.” “Why? What do you mean get out? You’re going to tell me something like…like that and then tell me to leave?” “Yes. That’s exactly what I’m doing. What’s so difficult to understand about it?” he asked, his stomach so tight he could hardly breathe, he could hardly move. In one moment he’d said everything he’d barely let himself think, let alone voice. And it had all come pouring out and she—she had heard it all. What was it about this woman that made him open his veins and bleed for her to see? She had unleashed something in him and he had no idea how to cage it back up. It was everything. His desire, his fear, his regret, his rage. She had found a weakness in him. In his control. Four years of blocking it all out. Four years of survival, and Addison was reawakening pieces of himself he’d thought were dead. She made him feel. And she made him honest. With her and with himself and he wished to God it would stop. He needed space. He needed to get away from the look in her eyes. The one that mirrored his own feelings. The one that was afraid that, at his heart, he was nothing more than a murderer. No, less than that. An animal, who had done nothing more than ensure his own survival, wrapped in the guise of helping someone end their suffering. A man who knew nothing more than base instinct. A man who wasn’t a man. It was why he hadn’t touched a woman in four years. Because the last time, he had ended the woman’s life. And tonight, the first time, the first time, he’d touched someone since his return…and it had been to wrap his hands around her throat. He couldn’t imagine giving a woman pleasure with his hands after what he’d done with them. He didn’t even deserve the fantasy. And yet…and yet Addison made him want. Made him feel. The good, the bad. Like a limb with hypothermia being warmed up, his feelings were starting to come back. To hurt, and burn and make him wish he’d just cut them off.
Page :43 of 146 
“You know what?” she said, shoving the sleeves of his robe up to her elbows. “I’m not going to beg you to stay here and deal with you and all your…your…life. It’s too hard anyway. And I have my own things to deal with. I really, really don’t need this, Logan,” she said, and he could see her pain, written all over her face. Knew this was her rejecting him to make his rejection sting less. “I have enough of my own. So I’m not exactly looking to add yours to the pile. I’ll be in the office tomorrow to work. And we don’t have to talk again.” “You going to make this about you now, little girl?” he asked, rage roaring through him. Because it was about her. If not for her he never would have said anything. He never would have had to hear himself say it all out loud. Never would have had to finish the thoughts that had always circled his mind, like vultures, waiting for a vulnerable moment when they could sweep in and tear his flesh from his bones. “Tell me more about all the tortured years you spent in your mansion, sweet little Addison Treffen, living off Daddy’s money,” he spat, knowing he was being unfair. Knowing he was taking things out on her because he was ashamed. Because he burned with that shame. Because he wanted her to leave, not just his room, but his hotel so that he wouldn’t have to look in the eyes of the one person who knew his secret. Who knew just what he was. “All right, congratulations,” she said. “You win, Logan Black. Spend your life alone. Spend it in this hotel. See if I care.” “Are you leaving?” he asked, his voice hoarse, everything in him wanting to tell her to stay. While simultaneously wanting to drive her away. There was no name for what he was. Fucked up, maybe, but that was it. Yeah, that about summed it up. “It’s what you want me to do.” “I told you it wouldn’t fix it,” he said. “Nothing can fix this. Confiding in you was hardly going to change that.” She met his eyes for one long moment, and she didn’t bother to hide the hurt. Oh, there was anger, lots of it. But beneath that, he could see her pain. And he hated himself a little bit. But that was why he had to send her away now. It was why he had to stop this thing—whatever it was—before it turned into more. Before he started wanting more, when he knew damn well that was impossible. Before he wanted to touch her again. Strip off all their clothes, all his control, and find freedom. With her. In her. Then she lowered her head, and he found he wanted to take her chin in his hand, force her to look at him again. That he wanted to fork his fingers through her hair and tug hard, angle her head backward. Feel her pulse. Strong. Steady. To make sure his touch hadn’t damaged that in some way. Hadn’t damaged her. But he didn’t. He didn’t deserve the luxury. And then she turned and walked out of the bedroom, out of the suite. He could only assume she would walk out of the hotel, and out of his life too. And he should be grateful. Instead he turned around and drew his fist back and punched the wall, the plaster biting hard into his knuckles, sending blood running down his arm. And he welcomed it. That made sense at least. Pain. Pain he could understand. Good feelings were for better men. Pain was all he had. Chapter Eleven Logan didn’t sleep for the rest of the night, and by the time he walked into his office he was in a terrible frame of mind. That wasn’t remarkable in and of itself. He was in a foul mood, but he was also determined. When he’d tried to get back to sleep last night, it wasn’t Kelly’s ghost that had haunted him. No, that honor had belonged to the specter of Addison Treffen. To the memory of how soft she had been beneath his fingers. The memory of how she’d touched him in the shower. How tender she had been. The way she’d cared for him. He couldn’t remember the last time anyone had done that. And he didn’t deserve to lust after her, given the nature of the touching. The fact that she’d practically been bathing him as if he were a mental patient, after he’d nearly… He had hurt her. And whether it had been intentional or not didn’t change the fact that it happened. Didn’t change the fact that he had no right to lust after her. Or to say what he was about to say. Knowing he didn’t have the right didn’t change what he was going to do. Because if there was one thing he knew for sure, if his time on the island had taught them anything, it was that he was capable of doing a whole host of things most men would never dream of. That reality haunted his dreams. And there was no altering it. All things considered, he didn’t see why he shouldn’t use it to his advantage.
Page :44 of 146 
He’d made a decision last night. Lying there, with a sick feeling in the pit of his stomach, with an erection so hard it ached, and no relief on the horizon. There was no redemption for him. But there was Addison. And he wanted her, whether he should or not. And he was determined to have her. “Good afternoon, Addison. Sleep well?” Addison looked up from her position at the desk, one eyebrow raised, the corners of her lush lips turned down. “Go to hell, Logan.” “Been there, got the commemorative parasite. Thankfully it was curable.” She narrowed her eyes. “Why are you jovial? And joking about tapeworms? This is unlike you. And particularly given last night…” “I made a decision.” “I hope it has something to do with the hardware for the brownstones. Because Steve has been calling me nonstop about it.” “It has nothing to do with hardware. I’m sure you find that devastating.” He ignored the guilt that was already starting to gnaw at his gut. “Not half as devastating as Steve will find it.” “Do you still want to play with me, princess?” He already had a spot in hell reserved just for him. Right now he was sure the fires were being stoked hotter. She blinked rapidly. “What do you mean by that?” “Exactly what it sounds like. You said you were stronger than I thought you were. Prove it to me.” His words barely made a ripple on the calm surface that was Addison Treffen. And he found that irritating. “And why are you suddenly so eager to allow me to prove it? I thought you said you weren’t going to touch me.” “Well, I realized something,” he said, pausing and running the tip of his fingers across the puncture wound left behind on his palm. “I already have. So why bother resisting? I didn’t want to touch you because I didn’t want to hurt you. Because I prize my control over everything else, and that means I haven’t touched any women since my return from the island. But I touched you. And it’s too late to take it back.” She looked down, her focus very carefully not on him. “What exactly are you asking for? Because I feel like I’ve already made an idiot out of myself in front of you and I don’t really want to do it again.” “Until you confess to killing someone with your bare hands, I think we can safely say I have more to lose than you do. If you decide to run out of the hotel screaming, it isn’t like I can easily chase you. And you have a direct line to the press. Just think of the damage you can do to me. Just think of all the heat it would take off the Treffen family. I’m the one with the most to lose here, Addison. And I’m still asking for this.” “But you aren’t asking for it,” she said, her tone raw. “I feel you’re just going to make me say it again, and then you’re going to reject me.” Heat burned in his stomach, flames licking down south, pooling in his groin. He leaned in, breathing in her scent, that fresh, rain-washed smell. She was too good for him. Too bright, too innocent no matter how strong she seemed to think she was. But he was not a man of honor. He never had been. Before the island, he’d been at best a harmless philanderer, at worst, irresponsible on a catastrophic scale. The kind of man who put others in harm’s way simply because he failed to think. And after the island? Well, some might say he was a murderer. All things considered, the fact that he’d ever tried to resist her was almost laughable. He reached out, cupping her chin with his hand. Her blue eyes went wide. Looking at her, the innocence there, was almost painful. Because he knew that just touching her was going to corrupt that. It’s too late. You’ve already done it. You might as well go all the way. “I don’t want to reject you, Addison. I want to keep you. I want to strip off all your clothes, push you against the wall. Bury myself in you. Wanting you like this, it’s like drowning.” He leaned in another fraction, his lips only a whisper from hers. “And I know what that feels like. To be trapped beneath the surface of the water, lungs burning. That’s what this has been like.” He allowed himself a moment to run the tip of his thumb over her cheek, before dropping his hands to his side again. “No good man could resist this. And I am not a good man. You deserve better.” He moved away from her, knowing that if he didn’t put some distance between them he wouldn’t wait for her permission. “Do I?” she asked, her voice unsteady. “My father was shot and killed in front of me. And he was an evil, horrible man. And…and I feel like I might be drowning too. Like I’m caught in the waves and I don’t know if I’m swimming deeper beneath the water or if I’m getting closer to the surface. I don’t know if I’m getting closer to salvation or death. I don’t know what I’m allowed to feel,” she said, tears glittering in her blue eyes. “How can I be sad that he’s dead, Logan? He was a bad person. And I knew it. I always knew it. But he was my father. And I’m…I’m so sad he was never the father I wished he was. I was never able to have the relationship with him that I wanted, and it’s because everything he was was a lie. I’ll never have that father. That fantasy is dead and over along with him. And I shouldn’t cry. Not for him. Not when he hurt Austin’s fiancée, my mother, countless women. I shouldn’t be sad. But I am and it doesn’t make any sense!”
Page :45 of 146 
Her shoulders shook and she took a deep breath, her expression so lost and desolate he felt it, deep inside him. She was adrift, and didn’t he know that feeling. If he was another man, a better man, he would pull her into his arms and hold her. But he wasn’t another man, or a better one. He was just him. And it was probably better for her if he didn’t try to comfort her. He wasn’t qualified. She was better off if he didn’t touch her. Brilliant. Since it’s too late. Yeah, well, fair point. Still, he stood rooted to the spot with his arms pinned at his sides. Because he’d forgotten this. This human connection thing. Or maybe he’d never had it, and before he’d never noticed the absence because he’d never stopped to look at other people. He’d touch them, take what he wanted, and moved on. He was starting to wonder if he’d always been a monster. And it had simply been the island that brought it out. That had made him face it. Maybe there had never been more in him. Maybe this was all he was. He watched her shiver, shake apart from the inside out. Holding herself because he was too damn broken to go over and do it for her. Because it was best if she never thought she could count on that from him. It would be best if she never counted on anything from him. “If it helps,” he said, because standing there inactive really didn’t feel right at a certain point, “I don’t think there are actually rules on how we’re allowed to feel about things. I mean, maybe there are, but they’re bullshit.” “What?” she asked, looking up, scrubbing her face. “Feelings don’t make sense. They’re feelings. They aren’t supposed to be logical. And you know what? In the right conditions, or wrong conditions as the case may be, your brain isn’t even all that logical. I’ve been hungry enough, thirsty enough, tired enough where I would have believed anything, felt anything. Stress is a funny thing.” “I just….am I even allowed to…” “Who cares?” he asked. “I feel things that I can’t ever tell anyone because it makes so little sense…they’d lock me up. So I have to keep it under control. I have to keep me under control. Because…it all makes me seem crazy.” “The panic? Or other things?” she asked. He looked at her, all desperate, lost and corrupted. And he knew he owed her this. “The other things. Like the fact that sometimes I just wish I could go back. Back to the island. Away from this and people. And worrying about whether I’m okay or not.” Addison took an unsteady breath. “That’s what I want. To go back. To when things were simple. Selfish. I know it is. But I can’t help it.” “It’s not selfish. Or if it is, it’s no more selfish than what anyone else in your situation would want.” “It’s terribly selfish. Because I’d rather be comfortable and ignorant than know the truth and deal with this. Because he hurt people and now that he’s dead he can’t hurt people and I’m still….wishing things could go back. It meant everything to Katy to have him stopped. Because it’s his fault her sister killed herself, and since Katy’s marrying Austin, she’s my sister and I just…Feeling this seems like a betrayal. Of her. Of so many people.” “Because what happened betrayed you, Addison,” he said. “Because it changed your life. That’s why. Because he was your dad even if he was a prick.” She laughed. “I know. And part of me…it’s like you have a picture of who your dad is. Of what a dad is. You get it when you’re really little. And Jason was never around much for me. But I would see him walking through the house in his suits. In a tux, ready to go out. And I thought he was…I admired him. I thought he looked perfect. I thought he was what everyone’s dad should look like. He wasn’t around much. He never paid a lot of attention to me. But I think part of me never gave up on the hope that he would. But…it’s too late. Now he’s dead. No redemption. No change. And I don’t have the father I hoped I could.” He let her words fade into silence, watched her take in shaking breath after shaking breath, until she lifted her head again. Her eyes met his, like fierce blue jewels glittering in the light. “Well, since I can’t have that, I suppose I’ll just have this.” “What do you want?” he asked, trying to catch his breath. “I need to know what you want. That you want this. That you want me. If you do, then I don’t see the point resisting. I’m a lost cause. I have no soul left to save. So I might as well please my body.”
Page :46 of 146 
Addison let out a sharp breath, her chest curving in before expanding again. “What do I want? I want… I just want to make a choice for me. To make a mistake. As long as it’s mine” He watched the color rise in her cheeks. It sent a shaft of pleasure through him. And he was beyond caring that he didn’t deserve it. “I still think it would be better if you said no. Better for you. I want you to say yes. I want you to say it over and over. I want you to scream my name. But that doesn’t change the fact that if you were a smart girl you would say no.” “I’ve been smart all my life. I’ve been good all my life,” she said, her voice wavering. “I’ve never been either.” “Well, let me tell you, it’s overrated.” She looked up at him, her blue eyes meeting his, the expression in them fierce. “Yes. I’m saying yes. Because I want you. And I don’t care if it’s smart, and I don’t care if it’s right. None of that matters. All that matters is what I want. And I want you.” His heart was thundering hard, and he could barely hear her voice over the roaring pulse in his head. “Be certain, because if I touch you I won’t be able to stop.” Addison stood, her expression unwavering, and he knew it wasn’t a mask. Knew she wasn’t simply trying to care for him, trying to give to him. It was honest. It was her. It was only a shame she was wasting it on him. “Touch me. Touch me, Logan. Please don’t make me beg.” Logan took a deep breath, then cupped her face. She was so soft, so much softer than he’d even imagined she would be. And she was not for him. If he knew one thing in that moment, it was that. He knew he should stop. He knew he should turn back. He wasn’t too far gone to realize that, and yet he found he didn’t care. “Is this what you want?” he asked, sliding his thumbs over her cheekbones, over her silken skin. He wanted to savor the moment. This incredible, beautiful moment. The quiet, harmless moment, before he broke her. “Yes.” Regret and desire twisted his gut, in almost equal measures. “I will ruin you, princess.” “Please,” she said, her voice a choked whisper. “Ruin who I was. Wreck me, Logan. I think it’s what has to happen so that I can start again.” He leaned in and applied just the barest hint of pressure to her lips. Pleasure burst through him, light flashing behind his eyes. Just the slightest impression of her lips on his, and he was shaking. Oh, if past Logan could see this moment, the man would laugh at him. Logan Black, notorious playboy, trembling from a kiss. But he didn’t care. In fact, the realization only made him despise the man he’d been more. Because that man wouldn’t appreciate this. Wouldn’t appreciate the gift it was. Wouldn’t understand just what an incredible, earthmoving thing it was to kiss Addison Treffen. But the man he was was dead now. And if anything good had come out of his time on the island, it was that. He slid his hands back sifting his fingers through her hair, the slide of silken strands against his skin a sensual pleasure far beyond anything he could’ve ever imagined. He angled his head, deepened the kiss, parting her lips beneath his and touching the tip of his tongue to hers. She gasped, the sound sending a shock wave down to his stomach. That soft sigh, combined with the feel of her beneath his hands, along with her flavor on his tongue, was enough to send him over the edge now. His cock was so hard he was in physical pain. Two years without touching a woman, and in all that time he’d never needed it this bad. “I think,” he said, wrenching his mouth away from hers, “that it’s time we went back to my room.” Chapter Twelve They walked into his hotel room and Addison looked around. He didn’t have the plush quarters people would imagine a billionaire living in a suite might. Everything spare, the furniture pushed against the wall, because she imagined he rarely used it. She hadn’t thought of it the last time she was in here, because she’d been consumed with other things. It made sense now. A sad kind of sense. She so rarely saw Logan use furniture. Even while he was eating his steak dinner, making confessions about that terrible moment on the island, he’d opted for the floor. She was sure that he excused that behavior by telling himself he was out of the habit. But more and more she was certain that he simply didn’t feel worthy. Of being comfortable, of being home. Of being alive. It made her ache. Made her desperate to show him what she saw. Not an animal, but a man. But it struck her just then how much she did the same. She discounted things that she wanted for the comfort of others. Logan was paying some kind of back tax on past sins, while she had been doing everything in her power to earn approval in the present.
Page :47 of 146 
And like him, she had stolen things from herself. Experiences, desire. Well, she wasn’t doing it now. Tonight, she was simply going to take what she wanted. Tonight, she was simply Addison. Not Jason Treffen’s daughter, not Austin Treffen’s sister. She was simply her. Simply a woman who wanted a man. The prospect of that thrilled her. Sent a shock of nerves and need straight down to her core. And suddenly the rules didn’t matter at all. Whether she broke four, or forty, of them. Tonight, she had a feeling she would break all of them. Logan looked at her, the expression on his face tinged with regret. “I don’t have condoms. I have no reason to have them.” She swallowed hard. “Well, that’s not a problem, is it?” “I felt an apology was in order, since the need for condoms outweighs the need for discretion.” Logan picked up his cell phone and pushed a button. “I need condoms,” he said, “my floor, my suite.” Heat washed over her. “I see what you mean,” she said, turning away from him, clasping her hands in front of her. He moved behind her and gripped her wrists, tugging her against him. “Second thoughts?” he asked, kissing her neck. “No,” she said, “just…well, everyone will know. It’s hard to break twenty-two years of habits. And being discreet is very important for Treffens.” “One staff member will know. And I pay for discretion.” “Austin will kill you,” she said. His breath was warm on her neck, sending goose bumps over her skin. “I’m not afraid to die.” “No,” she said, looking at the fierce light in his eyes, “I imagine you aren’t.” “And some things,” he said, tracing the line of her jaw with his forefinger, “are worth the risk.” “I am?” she asked. “No question.” “Why?” She despised the needy question as soon as it left her lips. Despised how much it revealed. But she had done nothing for Logan beyond irritating him, and causing panic attacks. She couldn’t fathom why he had chosen her. Because she had spent so many years trying to get her father to notice her, trying to do right by him, trying to make herself worthy in his eyes. And she had never managed it. Having someone want her when she had added no discernible value to his existence stunned her, confused her. “Feeling, desire are privileges that I will never take for granted again. It’s easy to deny yourself when there’s nothing you want. And then there was you, Addison. I wanted you from the moment I saw you. It’s like waking up. That’s the kind of thing you take a risk for. That’s the kind of thing you take, even when you know you don’t deserve it.” She tried to turn and face him, but he held her firm. “Why would you think you’re unworthy of me?” He put his hand on her cheek, letting his fingertips drifting slowly down the line of her neck. “How can I touch you? How could I possibly touch you, and how could you let me, knowing where my hands have been? Knowing what they have done?” “Because.” Such a stupid answer. A nonanswer. But it expressed what she was feeling. She had no doubts about him, about this. No matter what he had done, she didn’t believe he was the monster that he thought he was. She tried again, searching for eloquence. “Because your life didn’t start there, and it didn’t end there. But you are letting it. And it has to stop. We need to change Logan.” “I fear that’s just an excuse I’m giving myself.” “I know what it’s like to do things to please other people. To do things out of a sense of obligation. And you have to trust me that this isn’t that. I want this. And you telling me how much you don’t deserve me disrespects the choice that I’m making. Don’t I deserve to make a choice? To do something without being told it’s wrong? To want something just for me? This isn’t about your speech, or you going out. What happens here is just between us. And you can exorcise whatever demons you need to. I’ll be fighting my own.” There was a knock at the door. Very bad timing. Or maybe, considering what it was, it was good timing. Because undoubtedly they would need what was being delivered. A little dose of virginal nerves kicked in. Honestly they were dealing with such an unusual situation she really didn’t need to be grappling with this too. As far as she went, it was time for this. Past time. It’d probably only ever been put off because Eddie had been so devoted to staying in her father’s good graces. She had only stayed with Eddie for that exact same reason.
Page :48 of 146 
She was grateful for that now. Not so much for the fact that she could see clearly now her life had been run entirely by the men in it. But because this was better. An attraction worth waiting for. A desire worthy of being first. She stayed where she was, rooted to the spot. She didn’t want to run. She’d gone too far too turn back now. But she wasn’t really feeling ready to make the first move either. He opened the door and she looked away, not wanting to make eye contact with whichever employee was providing the protection. Silly, she’d been all brazen last night. She hadn’t cared at all if the woman who had brought dinner had believed they were lovers. Of course, now that they were actually going to be lovers she was embarrassed. Not of him. Never of him. The man was a trophy. Any woman would be proud to have snared him, even for a moment. It was just that there had always been undertones in her house. Slight comments here and there about the way women were supposed to act, about the way they were meant to interact with men. All of this was reflected in her relationship with Eddie. She hadn’t realized it until just now, but, her virginity was in many ways a prize. A bargaining chip, an incentive. Her father hadn’t been about to let Eddie have any milk for free. He had absolutely been expected to buy the cow. The cow being her. Given that, it was difficult for her to feel anything but slightly uncomfortable with an employee delivering contraceptives for a very obvious purpose. She heard the door close again, saw Logan stride back toward her. Leaving his jacket and the box of condoms on the couch. Then he approached her again, his eyes intent on hers. He wrapped his arm around her waist, pinning her hands behind her back, holding her tight. “Kiss me,” he said, a command. She stretched up on her toes and pressed her lips to his, heat consuming her completely when he opened his mouth and slid his tongue along hers. She deepened it, opened to him, pressed her breasts against his chest, trying to assuage the ache between her thighs. He tangled his fingers in her hair, curled his hands into fists at the back of her head. “Kiss me like you mean it.” She grabbed hold of his shirt and pulled him against her, his fingers still laced through her hair, applying firm but gentle pressure as she pressed her mouth to his again. As he tugged harder, and she fought against him, kissing him deeper, even as he tried to pull her away. She had no idea why the slight sting of pain served to heighten her pleasure. Had no idea why she craved more. Of everything he had to offer. She liked that she couldn’t predict what he was going to do next. That he had the control. That it was all wrenched from her but not used against her. In life she had no control, but there was no redemption in the pain. With Logan there was a balance. With Logan, there was a reward. And the most important thing was that she trusted him. With this, she trusted him. With him, she didn’t need to modify herself, didn’t need to contort herself into some plastic doll that could be dressed up and put on show. Someone who was more valuable as a display item than as a human being. There were no rules here. There were no walls. He tugged the zipper on her dress, and it fell, pooling at her feet, leaving her in nothing but her bra and panties. Black, plain. Not designed for seduction, but somehow she didn’t care. Because she knew he would like it. Because she knew that he wanted her. Her and no other woman. That she was the one who brought this out in him. And no matter how much control she gave him, she wielded her own. He pulled his mouth away from hers, his dark eyes glittering in the dim light as he looked at her. “I want to touch you,” he said. “Everywhere.” “As it so happens,” she said, her voice shaky, “I want to do the same.” Logan had already admitted that he hadn’t touched a woman since he got back from the island. That his last experience with human contact had been trying to stanch the flow of Kelly’s blood. Had been when he’d helped release her from this world. He hadn’t touched a woman in years. But what she was mindful of now was that no one had touched him either. A man who was still marooned in many ways. And she wanted to give that to him. Wanted to make him feel even a fraction of what he made her feel. He made her feel okay. As though what she felt was okay. As though what she wanted was right. He made her feel like herself. And she owed him the same. She took a deep breath, her legs unsteady as she sank to the couch. She looked up, watched as he unbuttoned his shirt, slowly. Methodically. Only a slight tremor in his hand, and the shallowness of his breathing betrayed what he was feeling.
Page :49 of 146 
He shrugged the shirt from his shoulders and onto the floor, his hands going to his belt, then pausing. He searched her gaze, waiting for something. She put her hands over his and started to fumble with the belt, and Logan curved his lips as he lowered her hands and took control. He pushed his pants partway down his thighs and freed his erection. She’d seen pictures of naked men before. But typically not erect men. Typically she was looking at art texts. Occasionally she got a rogue email that contained pictures a bit more explicit than she would normally seek out. But those limited bits of experience had not prepared her for seeing a naked man in person. Especially a man like Logan. She hadn’t anticipated just how beautiful she would find him. Which seemed silly when she thought about it. Because every bit of his body she’d seen up until now had taken her breath away. Why should this be any different? She lifted her hand, ready to touch him. More than ready to touch him. “Stop,” he said, his voice rough. She froze. “What?” she asked “I don’t trust myself. I’m unstable at best. And when I don’t have control over a situation, I can be very unpredictable.” Addison sucked in a deep breath. “Yes, I am aware of that.” He reached down and cupped her cheek, sliding his hand back slipping fingers through her hair. “Yes, I know you do. And I don’t want to hurt you.” “Do you honestly think you might?” “I don’t know,” he said, his voice raw. “I’ve grown so accustomed to things being cold. To silent things. To empty spaces. You are none of those. And I am not sure if I can control myself with you.” “Then don’t.” “Addison, I don’t think you know what you’re saying.” Anger spiked in her chest, because suddenly she was tired. Tired of being told she didn’t know what she wanted. Tired of being treated like a secondary character in everyone else’s life. Surely she was more important than that. Surely what she wanted mattered. Surely no one had the right to tell her she didn’t know what she wanted. “I know exactly what I’m saying. I know exactly who you are. That’s why you need me. Because I know, because you don’t scare me. Because I won’t let you hide. You weren’t out of control when she died.” “Addison, don’t—” “You weren’t. And you know it. Perhaps it’s much more comforting to think that you were. But you made a choice, surely one that was informed by emotional trauma, sleep deprivation, dehydration. Pain. But she asked you to make a choice, and you did. You weren’t enraged, you weren’t out of control. You didn’t do it to hurt her, and you won’t hurt me now.” “I don’t deserve your trust.” “But you have it.” He hesitated, a feral light glinting in his eye. That of a wounded animal who couldn’t decide whether he should flee or pounce. The strange thing was, she hoped he would pounce. Suddenly he moved, fluid, the strength evident in every line of his body. “Now, I’m sure I don’t deserve this.” He cupped her chin and tilted her face up. “But I am going to take it.” Strange that she wasn’t nervous. How could she be? He would tell her what to do next. Her stomach twisted, anticipation making it difficult to breathe. But that was different than nerves. Different than fear. “Oh yes,” he said, his breath hissing through his teeth. “Addison, do you know how long it’s been… You’re so warm.” He reached up and cupped her face, his fingers buried in her hair. “You’re so warm.” She stretched up, curling her fingers around his length. He was hot and hard, smoother than she’d anticipated a man being. So much better than she’d imagined. She squeezed him gently and he closed his eyes, his hand rising up, fingers buried in her hair. Yes. This was what she wanted. Everything she wanted. And he knew it. He just knew. More than that, it mattered to him. When had what she wanted mattered to anyone? Never. And certainly never like this. Him. She wanted him. She wanted this moment to explore all of him, have all of him. To dam the walls that had been built up so high and strong around her in the interest of making sure she was everything a Treffen socialite should be. Never mind who she was. Never mind what she wanted. Well, not anymore. Not now. She took one hand off his arousal and touched his abs with the tips of her fingers, before laying her palm flat across his heated skin. He was beautiful. Every inch. “So are you.” She marveled at him, at his beauty, at his strength.
Page :50 of 146 
“I don’t have the right to ask for what I want,” he said, his words tight, as if he was having trouble speaking. “But I know what it is.” She leaned in, flicking her tongue over the head of his erection, nerves making her stomach flutter. But that only lasted for a moment. “Let me give you what you want. Let me give you what you’re afraid to ask for.” He tightened his grip on her hair, and she could feel him desperately clinging to his fraying control. A thrill shot through her, overtaking the nerves, overtaking everything. He wanted this. He wanted her. More than anyone ever had. Because this was the closest she’d ever come to truly being herself. Pleasure uncurled in her stomach. A sense of freedom, confidence, she’d never experienced before flooding her. She slid her hand down his shaft and took him in deeper, gratified by the harsh groan that seemed to come from deep inside him. And she relished her power. Relished his flavor. Everything about him. She wanted him, wanted this, so deeply she could hardly believe she’d ever thought she didn’t care about sex. That it was something she could simply wait for until her ineffectual boyfriend gave her a ring. How could that be true when she was sure she would die if she didn’t have more of him? If she didn’t have all of him? She could feel his muscles trembling beneath her hands, could feel him moving closer to the edge. He tugged her away, a light pain prickling over her scalp, sending sparks along her veins and down low. “Not like that,” he said, his voice rough. “Someday. But not today. Four years, Addison. I need to be inside you when I come.” That was what she wanted too. And she wanted to tell him so. But the words stuck in her throat. So she just nodded. He untangled his fingers from her hair and took her hand in his, tugging her to her feet and wrapping his arms around her, kissing her fiercely as he unhooked her bra, as he pushed her panties down her thighs. She didn’t have time to be nervous. Didn’t have time to second-guess. He put his hand between her legs and white-hot pleasure streaked through her, his fingers moving over her clitoris before he pushed one inside her. And she felt herself getting closer to the edge. So close she could feel herself starting to shake. “Not yet, baby,” he said. “With me.” She allowed him to guide her down to the couch, the velvet fabric soft beneath her bare skin. He positioned himself between her thighs, his eyes intent on hers, his whole body shaking. But now with nerves, she recognized, with barely leashed control. “Don’t worry. I’m not afraid.” She kept her eyes on his, never breaking the connection. “You can let go.” He reached past her, grabbed the box of condoms and tore it open, taking out one packet. She looked over her shoulder and watched as he rolled the protection over his hard length. He put his hand back between her thighs, a sharp breath hissing through his teeth. “So soft, so wet.” A heavy sigh escaped her lips as his wicked fingers took her to the edge of a cliff, higher than she’d ever been before. This wasn’t an arousal as she knew it. This wasn’t a desire as she’d ever known it could be. This wasn’t her, not the her she’d always known. And she was grateful for that. Was desperate to find out what was on the other side of this. Was desperate to discover the woman she would find on the other side of this. He reached up to cup her breasts, tease her nipples, moving his hands over her curves, as though all this were as new for him as it was for her. As though he were touching a woman for the first time, as she was being touched for the first time. He moved his hand down her bottom, cupping her, gently guided her hips upward. “Spread your legs,” he said, his voice rough. An outward sign for her of just how hard-won any of his control was. “In my fantasies, I took my time with this. When I dreamed of you, I dreamed of spending hours exploring your body. And I will. But I can’t now, Addison. I can’t. I need you. I need this.” A brief flash of nerves hit her as she felt the blunt head of his erection against the slick entrance to her body. She bit her lip, unsure of what would happened next. How it would feel. But she wasn’t tempted to pull away, didn’t want to ask him to wait. Because she wanted this, wanted him. Wanted it all. He paused for a moment, moving his hand over her curves, along her rib cage, down the indent of her waist before moving to cup her hip. He tightened his hold on her, something possessive, desperate in the action. Then he was pushing inside her, slowly, a stretching pain mixing with a strange satisfaction. It hurt. Unfamiliar and uncomfortable and at the same time, the answer to the hollow ache inside her she hadn’t even been aware of until now.
Page :51 of 146 
She felt him shake, felt him give up on slow and measured, felt him do just what she’d begged him to do, and let go. He thrust hard into her, and she gasped, tears stinging her eyes, the invasion so complete, so intense. She hadn’t been prepared. “Yes, baby,” he said, his voice a low growl. He didn’t know. Hadn’t noticed. And she was grateful for that. She just needed to breathe. Needed to get used to him. He flexed his hips against her, coming into contact with the bundle of nerves at the apex of her thighs, his arousal thick and hard inside her, moving from discomfort, to pleasure with each thrust, pushing her back to the edge. Back to the promise of completion. She squeezed her eyes shut, the tears starting to recede. Logan was holding her. He was in her. Surrounding her. His heat, his strength. Him. And it was perfect. “I can’t last, Addison,” he said, his face buried in her neck, his hold on her tightening, each thrust harder, less measured. Less controlled. “I wanted to last for you. I thought this would help me last. But I can’t.” “Touch me,” she whimpered. “Please. Please, Logan. I’m so close.” He slid deeper, the sensation of being filled by him only welcome now. He cupped her breast, teasing her nipple, the sensation adding to her arousal, bringing her closer. “Yes,” she said. “Yes.” Feeling overwhelmed her, consumed her. The lingering pain in her body, mingling with the pleasure he’d provided. It was everything she’d been missing. Water in her personal desert. And she was lost in sensation. All that had been held back for weeks pouring out. Every feeling. Every hideous and beautiful thing filling her until she thought she would die from it. Until she couldn’t breathe. She felt him stiffen, shudder above her, lowering his head into the curve of her shoulder, freezing as he gave himself up to his own release, his teeth on her neck as he came. Marking her. Changing her. Demolishing the smooth socialite who held everyone and everything at a distance with effortless ease. There was no sound in the room but their harsh breathing. It was over. She’d lost her virginity to Logan Black. And she would never be the same again. And it was such a desperate relief. Because she didn’t want to be the same anymore. She didn’t want to belong to anyone but herself. Didn’t want to be owned by a man who was dead and gone. Not anymore. She’d needed to wake up. She’d needed to feel. And now she did. She felt it all. Pounding through her like white water, refreshing her where she’d been dry and cracked, and rounding off the sharp edges, reshaping the landscape. Reclaiming her. Addison felt a tear slide down her cheek. The first in weeks. And before she knew it, floodgates of an entirely different kind had opened. * Logan was having a hard time catching his breath. Hell, he was having a hard time keeping himself from simply sinking onto her soft body. He was grappling with the aftereffects of the most intense sexual experience of his life. With what might be the most altering experience he’d ever had that wasn’t on an island. He hadn’t touched another person in so long, this was like a system shock. Being in her, having her surround him. Her scent, her softness, her flavor. It was all of her, it was everything. And he had not been prepared. He felt her body tremble beneath his hands, a great, shuddering gasp. For a moment, he thought she was experiencing an aftershock. Coming again, which, as intense as the experience had been, he wouldn’t have been surprised. And his ego, something he hadn’t been aware of for a while, loved it. For just a moment, he was a man, and she was a woman. Nothing more. No trauma, no past, no future. No island. He slid his hand up her hip, to the indent of her waist, and felt her shiver beneath his touch. Her eyes were closed tight, the pulse in her neck fluttering like a frightened bird. “Addison?” He was still buried deep inside her and he knew he should move. But he didn’t want to. He wanted to savor this. Enjoy it. Drink it all in, just for himself. Selfish as hell and he didn’t care. Then he saw her shoulder shake, a sob racking her body, followed by a tear trailing down her cheek. And he froze. “What’s wrong?” he asked. “I don’t…I can’t.” She pulled away from him, not looking at him as she separated their bodies, as she moved to a chair in the corner of the room, pulling her legs up against her chest, a trace of blood on her thigh. She hid her face, her frame trembling. “Addison,” he said, his voice fierce, flashbacks hitting, hard and fast. Blood over pale skin. Tears on her face. Dark hair, not like the pale gold of Addison’s hair, tangled over her shoulders…
Page :52 of 146 
She didn’t answer. She only tightened her hold on herself, on her knees, her face burrowed in, her expression hidden from him. “Holy hell, Addison,” he said, crossing the room and kneeling in front of her, examine the streak of blood left behind on her inner thigh. “Did I do that to you? I hurt you?” His head was pounding. He was an animal. This was why he didn’t touch women. Why he should have never touched her. Because he wasn’t safe. Because he was so screwed up from his time away and he didn’t even know how to be intimate with someone without causing her pain. He’d been too rough. He’d forgotten how to do this. He should never have touched her. What had he been thinking? She’d told him to lose control, and he had done so. He’d been consumed by it, by her. He’d always had light, fun sex. If he remembered it right. But he’d opened himself up, poured his darkness on her. In her. And he’d hurt her. He hadn’t even realized it. “What?” she asked, lifting her head, her cheeks pink, her hair sticking to her damp cheeks. “No. No, you didn’t hurt me.” “You’re bleeding.” She paused and looked at him. “What?” “It’s on your legs.” “Oh,” she said, looking down at herself. “I thought that was…” Her cheeks turned pink. “I didn’t think you really bled. I thought that was just a rumor designed to keep us scared.” She laughed, the sound completely at odds with the moisture on her face. Ice trickled through his veins, curling around his heart and freezing it still. “Addison…are you a virgin?” “No. Not currently,” she said. “Were you about half an hour ago?” he asked, tension working its way through his muscles. She cleared her throat. “Yes.” “Why didn’t you tell me?” he asked. Now the feeling was something akin to panic. He’d thought he’d hurt her and it was even worse than that. She’d never had sex. A damn virgin. He’d probably scarred her for life. And he’d thought she’d been having another orgasm after. She was crying. Because he’d hurt her. Because he’d… Dammit. “I didn’t tell you because it was irrelevant,” she said. “Bull. I told you I hadn’t had sex in four years and you didn’t think you should tell me you hadn’t had it ever?” “Stop yelling at me!” she shouted, standing, wiping her arm under her nose. The gesture was so unsophisticated, so unlike her that it made his chest seize up. “I do not need your issues right now, Logan, because I am in the middle of my own.” “That I caused you.” “Everything is not about you!” “I…” He stopped and frowned. “Excuse me?” “I just…this is my emotional breakdown, okay? It isn’t about you. I mean…I think you caused it, or contributed to it, but it’s not about you.” “What’s going on, Addison?” “I…It’s like it all broke and is pouring out of me, finally. I’ve been…it’s all been locked up in me. I haven’t cried since he died. I didn’t cry when they threw me out of the sorority or…or anything. And I just…I needed this.” “Glad I could assist,” he said dryly. “Stop it. You’re still making it about you.” “Because it was about me,” he said, his voice a growl. “Right,” she said. “Sorry if my emotions are getting all over the break in your celibacy, but I’m in the middle of a personal crisis.” That made him feel shame. A deep, seething shame that bled out from deep inside him. Hadn’t they just talked about what she was going through? Her father and everything. She’d told him. And he’d brought her here and… He should have realized. “How did I not realize you were an innocent?” he asked, his voice rough. “I don’t know if girls who see their fathers killed in front of them can be called innocents. No matter how many times they’ve had sex. Or not,” she said, her voice muted. “Why now?” She raised her head, her blue eyes fierce. “Because I’m tired of being something that’s here for everyone else’s use. For everyone else’s ease. I needed something for me. Whatever you might think, Logan, you didn’t goad me into anything. I wanted you. I…I want you.” “You shouldn’t have given that to me,” he said, his voice rough. “I didn’t deserve the gift.”
Page :53 of 146 
“Stop,” she said, her words choked. “Just stop it. Stop telling me I don’t know what I want. Stop telling me I can’t give myself to whoever I please, because I can. It’s my body. Treffen is my name. I deserve power over myself. I deserve to make my own reputation, don’t I?” There were no tears now. Her voice was steady, conviction running through every word. “I want to make my own decisions. And I want to feel. All of this…I lost myself somewhere. Not here. Not when my father died or when his reputation exploded but…but somewhere a long time before that. It got buried under my need to please everyone. I want to know who I am. I want to know what I want. I want to feel real, not like someone’s prop. You made me feel real. Don’t take it from me now.” He looked at her standing there in the dim light, strong, alive. So very different from the last woman he had touched. So very different from himself. And he knew he could never hope to be worthy of her, but he knew he wasn’t strong enough to turn her away. “Then I leave the choice up to you.” He stood in front of her, completely naked still, his eyes boring into hers. “Stay with me. I will make you feel. But I stand by my earlier promise—being with me can only ruin you.” She didn’t blink, didn’t shrink away. She stood from the chair and made her way to him, curving an arm around his neck and leaning in to kiss his lips. “I’m staying.” He dipped his head and kissed her, heat and need pouring through him, an answering need echoing from her. She was desperate for him, as he was for her. The deep need in him pulling from her, taking and taking what he could into the endless void in his chest. And he knew, without a doubt, that he wasn’t any less lost, or any less destroyed than he’d been before he touched her. But at least, right now, he was in with someone just as lost and destroyed as he was. Chapter Thirteen Addison woke up in an empty bed, the sheets beside her cold. It was obvious Logan hadn’t been there for a long time. But also notably absent were the nightmares that had been plaguing her ever since Jason’s death. She sat up and swung her legs over the side of the bed, conscious of the fact that she was slightly sore…everywhere. It was a new experience, but not altogether unpleasant. The same could be said for last night’s sex in general. New, different, but definitely not bad. Though things had been slightly more emotional than she’d anticipated. Whether she wanted to be true or not, her attraction to Logan was built on more than lust. Oh, the lust was there. In spades. But there was something beneath that, something strong, that was only growing stronger. Happily, she felt that the same could be said about her. She felt amazing, she felt new. As though she’d gone further toward breaking the bonds between herself and her old life. Telling Logan about her fears, her guilt, her feelings, had seemed to go a long way in lessening all those things. Of course, she had a feeling the trade-off was the increased bond with Logan. Logan, who hadn’t even stayed in bed with her. Addison got up, and realized she was naked. Which wasn’t surprising. But problematic. And if the late-night condom delivery hadn’t been advertising enough, her traipsing around in wrinkled clothes shouted all the louder. Of course, no one was ever on Logan’s floor. So there was that. She wanted out of the bedroom and into the living room, where she knew she would find her clothes. She stopped, her heart slamming against her sternum. “Logan?” she asked, looking toward the center of the room at the man who had taken her to heaven and back last night. The man who was currently curled up on the floor, one thin blanket thrown over his naked body. “What are you doing?” Logan stirred, sitting up, a strange expression twisting his features. Something that looked a lot like horror. A lot like embarrassment. For that reason alone she wished she could go back and not say anything. And not see this. She wished she could leave him with his pride. But his pride wasn’t the most important thing. And things like this couldn’t go ignored. Everyone had ignored this, had ignored him, for too long. She knew that he hadn’t visited his family as he should, but he was limited. Why weren’t they here? He deserved for someone to be here. Right now she was. “Sleeping,” he said. “Do I have body odor I’m unaware of?” she asked. “Otherwise I fail to see why sleeping out here would be preferential to sleeping on a soft mattress with me.” “I have a feeling I’m going to end up saying this a lot. It’s not you, it’s me.”
Page :54 of 146 
“Yeah, well, I’m tired of that.” “I’ve only said it once.” “But it’s the subtext for your entire life. It’s you. You’re a mess. And I get it, Logan. I do. I believe it. But you can’t just accept it. You have to fight it at some point.” “Good morning to you too.” He stood up and let the blanket fall away from his body, revealing his nudity. And for a brief moment, every coherent thought was knocked from her head. “Stop it. Stop trying to make it seem like I’m scolding you. I’m protesting, and I have a right. You’re sleeping on the floor. Like you’re my pet and not my lover.” “I never promised you this would be easy, Addison. In fact, I think I told you, several times, to turn back when you could. Have some self-preservation, Addison, for God’s sake.” “Self-preservation is all I used to have. I want more. I don’t know about you.” “I think I’ve forgotten how to want anything. Anything but you.” Addison’s heart squeezed tight. He meant sex, and that was all. But she would take it. “We’ll work on the rest. On sleeping in beds. And wearing shoes and your speech.” “It’s too early in the morning to talk about all that. Maybe we’ll talk bed tonight. Shoes another day.” “And the speech?” “It’s too early in the morning.” Logan walked away and disappeared into the bathroom, and Addison was left alone, naked and searching for her clothes. Addison spent a full thirty seconds grappling with self-pity. One thing about herself hadn’t changed: she seemed destined to want more from people who were never going to give it. Logan was doing his best to keep his focus on the seating chart his mother had sent over for the big opening ball. And the only reason he was trying to keep his focus on that was that if he didn’t he would push Addison against a wall and have his way with her. He didn’t want to do that to her, not in the office. Not when he was already using her. Hoping she could pull him up out of it all forever. He couldn’t deny that was in the back of his mind. He also couldn’t deny that he was going to give her absolutely nothing in return. But she didn’t know that. And he damn well hoped she wouldn’t. Not until it was over. Not until he was done with her. Selfish prick that he was, now that he’d discovered her he didn’t want to give her up. Didn’t want to give it up. Yeah, he was a selfish bastard, but for two years of his life he’d lived only for himself. For his own survival. And there was a kind of pure selfishness that he’d had to put aside when he came back to civilization. A kind of totalitarian control over his existence that had vanished when he had to come back and live with other people. And there was something about Addison, about his relationship with her, or rather, about their time in bed, that brought him back to that. To the elemental, raw state that was all about need. About satisfaction of his own needs and screw anything else. Addison cleared her throat. “So…think we can…work on the ball?” “What do you think I’m doing?” A wicked smile curved her lips. “Fantasizing about me.” “Do you think so?” Heat curled in his gut. “Well, it’s what I’m doing about you, so all things considered, I’ll be disappointed if it’s not going both ways.” Her cell phone buzzed and she looked at him apologetically before answering it. “Hello?” She frowned. “Really? Well, that…I don’t know, it still doesn’t sound right. It doesn’t sound like her at all.” Addison rolled her eyes, and he had no context as to why; then she pressed on. “Well, I’m sure you know more about that particular part of her life than I do, but in all honesty, she doesn’t seem like the type to run off to some island with a guy while her family and friends are worried about her.” She took a breath. “Right. Well…yes. If I think of anything else or hear from her, I’ll let you know. Okay. Bye.” She hung up and turned to face him, hitting the top of her phone idly with her palm. “Well, you probably want to know what that was,” she said. He did. He shouldn’t. So he lied. “It’s your life, Addison. And whatever you want to share is up to you. But out of the context of our arrangement, and by that I mean sex, I don’t actually give a fuck.” “Well…one of my best friends is missing in Europe,” she said, her voice trembling slightly her cheeks heated. “So…so maybe you should give a fuck about that.” She tilted her chin upward, her expression defiant, her cheeks pink. He highly doubted if Addison Treffen had ever said that word before this moment.
Page :55 of 146 
And he’d stepped wrong. He’d said he didn’t care, because he damn well wished he didn’t, but he did. And that was why he’d said it like that. That was why he’d been such an ass. Because he was trying to prove it to her. And himself. And she was clearly dealing with a serious issue. “Sorry,” he said, and he truly meant it. “I am sorry about that. Have you called the police?” “Nora called last week, but they didn’t take her seriously. She said she just got hold of her landlord. Well, her former landlord. He said that Harlow moved out of her apartment about three and a half weeks ago, and she was with a man who was about her age and very nice looking. So we’re all supposed to calm down and assume that she’s off with her lover in another country, having fun while everyone worries, which…that’s not like her.” “You don’t think? People change,” he said, “and sometimes they were never who you thought they were at all.” The words hung heavy between them, a wealth of meaning wrapped around each one. “I know,” she said. “But can I take the chance? What if something happened to her? What if…? I just feel like she would at least call Nora. I think…I think I haven’t always been the best friend. Or seemed available. I don’t know.” “Why do you think that?” he asked. She looked up at him, a pained light in her eyes. “Sometimes I think I’ve been on my own island. I mean…maybe that’s not fair, considering.” “I was very insensitive a moment ago. You’re allowed to go there.” “I put myself on it, though. I did. I mean, they were my father’s rules and all, but…Austin didn’t follow them. He had a life, and friends. And I just sort of…let him make the outside perfect, and make it so much more important than the inside. And as a result? I ended up alone. I really have felt alone for so long.” Logan hesitated for a moment, then reached out, tugging Addison into his arms. “I’ll help you find Harlow,” he said, and he felt her nod. And for a moment, he felt as though neither of them was so alone anymore. They might be on an island, but right now they were together. * Logan hadn’t gotten much further in finding Harlow than she had, though a police officer had agreed to go to Harlow’s apartment and check it out personally. That had only confirmed what Nora had already discovered. That Harlow wasn’t there anymore. And that she had left with a man. The whole thing made Addison feel as if her stomach were coated in ice. Yes, she knew insanity over a guy was possible. But she just…knew that there was something else going on. Although Addison was now full familiar with that kind of attraction. The kind that made you crave things that you would have wrinkled your nose at and head tilted in confusion over only two weeks ago. Because if anyone had told her she could want a man like this—want nothing but his body, forgetting the fact that she could barely hold a conversation with him…she would never have believed them. In the past she’d been very judgmental of friends who were having sex-only relationships. And now here she was, in one of her own. Only it didn’t feel like only sex. But maybe that was how it was for everyone who ended up in one of these arrangements. But a few weeks ago she hadn’t understood what it could really mean. She hadn’t understood how freeing it would be. To give over all of herself to someone else in that way. To find a workaround for all her inhibitions. He was incredible. And she couldn’t regret him. She sighed and leaned back against the headboard. It was late and after working in the office, Logan had gone to his gym without saying much to her. So she had gone to her room. Alone. What she really wanted to do was talk to him. And he seemed to be avoiding that. They’d had a moment of connection in the office, but that seemed to be over. She slid down until she was lying flat on her back, her phone near her side. She’d eaten room service in bed, and the dishes were on a tray at the foot of the mattress. A funny thing. Something she hadn’t been able to bring herself to do the first night she arrived. She’d sat in that chair then, perfectly upright, as though she were entertaining the queen, not sitting in an empty room. Right now she could hardly remember who that girl was. Such a strange feeling. Yes, Logan was broken. But she had a feeling she wasn’t a lot better off than he was. She swung her legs over the side of the bed and put her face in her hands. Her life was falling down in slow pieces. Like old wallpaper, strip after strip. Her father’s legacy. Her father’s life. Harlow’s disappearance.
Page :56 of 146 
The facade was stripped away, uncovering cracked drywall beneath. Patchy and uneven. Proving just how little she knew herself. Because here she’d always thought things were fine. That underneath all the things that insulated her—her name, her friends—she was pretty together. Nope. Big surprise. And while she had been making progress, ultimately she had very little clue about who Addison Treffen was apart from the family name. Apart from her friends, her sorority and her position at the university, her plans to be a society wife, she had no idea who she was. With all of it gone she’d become someone she didn’t know. Someone she didn’t recognize. And that was highlighting all that was wrong with the life she’d been living before. It was terrifying to realize that she would’ve gone on like that forever. An entire existence devoted to pleasing other people. She pushed open the door and let it close behind her. And then she realized that she was dressed in sweats, which…not the best seduction ensemble, but she didn’t care. This was for her anyway. And he wouldn’t tell her no. Because they had an understanding. He would see her, and he would know what she needed to hear. Would know that she needed him, raw and untamed, to help bring out the beast inside her. To unleash the parts of her she’d kept locked up for so long. Only Logan could do that. She wanted him. Tonight she needed him. When they came together it was fierce. And she was fearless. She walked down the hall and to his gym, knocking on the door before opening it. Because he was probably hanging from something in there, doing amazing physical feats and making his muscles look sexy, and she was not going to miss that waiting for him to come answer the door. Because…hello, muscles. Which absolutely had a stake in her acting crazy and out of character. His muscles were unreal. Any woman would be heavily influenced by them. Maybe Harlow was currently under the influence of muscles. It was possible. And if that was the case, Addison was not in a position to throw stones. She looked across the gym and saw him, shirtless, holding on to a rope that was hanging from the ceiling, his back slicked with sweat. “Hi,” she said. He lifted his head, the muscles in his back shifting. He didn’t turn. “I didn’t expect you.” “Because you weren’t instigating?” “You do your share of instigating. It’s one of my favorite things about you.” “I’m sincerely glad you have favorite things about me. I’m having a crisis,” she said, feeling something shiver in her chest. Feeling something break loose. “Are you?” “Yes. A serious emotional crisis, actually.” He looked wary, as if she’d told him she had a rattlesnake in her pocket. “You sound like it.” “Yeah, well, it can all be deceiving, you know. The outward stuff. It deceived me for twenty-two years.” “Your dad?” “No,” she said. “Me. I deceived me.” He turned then, still holding on to the rope. “You did?” “I thought I knew who I was, but the further away I get from all that…the more I see that I was trying to be someone who fit into a box. The way I was raised, the school my parents sent me to, helped me decide what college to go to. And from there decided what sort of friends I would have. I am a product of that man. A product of a life that was never real and I don’t know what the hell to do with that now that it’s all gone.” He let go of the rope and started walking toward her. “That,” he said, “in my experience is the worst part of all this.” “What?” “The worst part of being a castaway is that once the whole world goes away, once the expectations are gone, you really do start to see what a joke it all is. You start to wonder what you are without all that holding you back. Start to wonder if you’re even a human. Or if you’re just a fucking animal.” He reached out and stroked her cheek, his blue eyes fierce. “That’s when you start to wonder why you’re still following rules that don’t matter. It’s when you find out who you really are, and it’s a scary thing. Terrifying.” “What am I supposed to do? Do I just…am I going to have to go back? When all this is over, do I have to go back to being who I was? Even if it doesn’t feel like it applies anymore?” “I don’t know if I have the answer to how you should do anything. But I will tell you that the way I lived on the island isn’t the way I live here. On the island, after Kelly died, I only had myself to take care of. And when I came back I had to live for other people again. I had to live for people in a much more real way than I did when I left.”
Page :57 of 146 
“Why?” she asked, searching his face for answers and finding none. “Because, baby, I’m a motherfucking miracle. The answer to all of my mom’s fervent prayers. To my sister’s most inane wishes and my father’s dying breath. When I came back from the dead, I knew I had to live for them. Because…because they’d already grieved for me, and if I came back to be a disappointment, then what the hell was the point of it?” “Don’t you think you matter?” she asked, her heart squeezing. “Not particularly,” he said. “This is why Black Properties matters. This is why…this is why I have to find a way to do what my mother needs me to do. Because I have to be that miracle that she prayed for. Rather than what I actually am. Just a broken, crazy guy, whose brain can’t figure out that he’s not on an island anymore.” “So…no great insight into what I should do, then?” she asked. “Not even one.” “Well, then, I’m all out of luck.” “Sorry to disappoint.” “You do have other things I might want.” “Are you propositioning me?” “Is that not clear?” she asked, jerking her T-shirt over her head. “If not, allow me to increase the clarity.” She reached behind her back and unhooked her bra, letting it fall off her shoulders and onto the floor. “You are…impossible,” she said. “And I don’t understand you. Or me when I’m with you. But I want you. Which is too bad because this is obviously totally crazy, but there you have it.” “It is too damn bad for you, baby. Because I’m never going to give you more than I take from you, and that’s a promise,” he said, gripping her chin with his thumb and forefinger, his eyes boring into hers. “I can’t. Do you understand that?” She could feel the gravity to his words, the intensity. And they made her heart twist. And that was something she really didn’t want. She didn’t want to feel anything. She didn’t want to care. She swallowed hard and jerked her chin away. “I don’t want your damn emotions, Logan. As long as you can give me pleasure, I’ll be happy. Think you can do that?” He growled and brought his mouth down on hers, his kiss fierce, feral. An angry response to her angry words. And she liked it. Loved it. Reveled in it. It made her feel. Coated her veins in flame, heat pooling in her stomach. It made her feel strong. As though she was alive. As though she was more since the facade had been stripped away. Not less. Not just a crumbling, naked wall, but someone who’d been freed of excess and left with nothing but the essentials. A castaway on the island of Manhattan. Not exactly the same as Logan. But enough to give her a taste. Enough to prove her previous statement a lie. She did understand him. A small sliver of what he’d been through. And she wanted so much more than just his body. He made more sense than anything else in her life and she just didn’t want to admit it. Maybe Manhattan wasn’t the island she was cast away on. Maybe Logan Black was her island. Her breaking point, her point of clarity. Her thoughts slowed as he slipped his tongue along the seam of her mouth, demanding entrance. And she gave it. Because she was powerless to the need she felt for him. And she reveled in it. Because she gladly threw herself at his mercy. Gave herself up to his wicked demands so her own could be satisfied. He pushed her pants and underwear down her legs before pulling away from her, reaching into his pocket and producing his wallet, pulling out a condom. “I was thinking ahead,” he said. “Just in case I needed you while we were in the office. Just in case I needed to push you up against the nearest wall.” Her heart pounded as she watched his movements, watched him take the rest of his clothes of. She was struck by his beauty. Raw, masculine. Wild. She was struck by it every single time. By the fact that this man, who lived his life in a cage, lost his control with her. By the fact that she stripped him back to what he’d been on the island. That he was a beast for her. She loved it. Because it tapped in to the very thing she’d spent so long denying in herself. He opened the condom and rolled the latex over his length, his movements methodical, tempting. His eyes never leaving hers. He wasn’t a bad boy with leather and tattoos. Not the kind of guy who had to put on those signifiers of being an outlier in order for a person, a woman, to see what he was. Dangerous. Feral. He exuded it. Naked or clothed, smiling or enraged. “You know, on the island it wouldn’t have mattered,” he said. “I could have had you anywhere, and there would have been no one to see. No one to judge. That’s one of the freeing things about being out there like that. Beyond help, beyond judgment. Part of the problem here is it’s hard to make myself care. About shoes. Dammit, I hate shoes. About when it is or isn’t okay to touch you. I’ve forgotten to care about those things.” He cupped her face, drawing her close to him. “If I’m hungry, I’ll damn well satisfy that hunger.”
Page :58 of 146 
She reached between them, putting her hand on his cock, squeezing him hard. “Then stop talking and satisfy it.” His movements were fluid, controlled, and she suddenly found herself brought to the floor, his strength keeping the impact from causing her any pain. He settled between her thighs, his expression fierce. “Impatient, baby?” he asked. She nodded, her breath completely robbed from her lungs. He put his hand between her legs, pushing one finger deep inside her while he teased her sensitized flesh with his thumb. “Are you ready for me?” he asked. She nodded, her throat blocked by the sob that was rising in her, threatening to escape. “Tell me,” he said, his voice harsh. “Tell me what you want.” “Y-you.” “Not good enough, honey. Tell me what you want. I need to hear it.” He added the tip of another finger, a tease, the near penetration almost sending her over the edge. “I want…” She tried to catch her breath, tried to make sense of the words, the demands, all jumbled up in her head. “I want you inside me,” she said. “Yes,” he said, the word a prayer. He moved his hand away, replacing it with the blunt head of his erection. “Don’t be shy with me. Always tell me what you want.” “I want you. Oh, Logan, I want you.” He slipped his hand beneath her ass and tugged her up against him as he drove in deep, burying himself to the hilt. She gasped, lifting her hands over her had, trying to find something to hold on to. Finding nothing. He pulled away, then thrust back in deep, the motion pushing her back an inch over the carpet, the rough texture burning her shoulder blades. She wrapped her legs around his hips, meeting each of his movements, bringing her into contact with his hard body, pushing her closer to the edge. She moved her hands into his shoulders, her nails digging deeper as each of his thrusts pushed her farther back, her skin burning. It was everything she craved. It was feeling, the essence of it. Raw and distilled, nothing filtered out. Everything good, everything painful. Everything she’d been numb to before him. Before this. He made her want. He made her need. After being dry for so long, she found it a revelation. It was the most beautiful thing she could imagine. To feel again. He growled and pushed into her one last time, freezing, his body pulsing inside her, the look on his face, of darkest torture fading to release, pushing her over the edge, her internal muscles squeezing him tight as she found her own release. They lay on the floor, the rough carpet starting to bite into her back, his weight pushing her harder against the fibers. She shifted and winced. She had some serious rug burn. “I have to get up,” she said. He moved away from her and she adjusted her position, peeling her bare back off the floor. She turned away from him, looking for her clothes. “Addison,” he said, his tone harsh, fingertips pressed against her shoulder blades. “What?” she asked. “You’re bleeding.” She put her hand over the place his hand had just been and pressed down hard before pulling it away, a bare hint of red on her fingers. “Oh. Not much,” she said. “Not much? You shouldn’t be bleeding at all.” She stuck her finger in her mouth, the metallic tang of blood making her tongue tingle. “It doesn’t bother me. Maybe we’re both animals.” He grabbed her arm and pulled her backward. “Don’t play it off,” he said. “That was too rough.” “For who?” she asked. “I felt it. And after the past few weeks…I’m happy to feel, Logan. Even when it hurts. I hurt anyway. All the time. At least with you there’s a payoff.” “Why do you want this from me?” he asked, looking truly shocked. Truly mystified. And angry. Logan was always so angry. Underneath it all, no matter how relaxed he seemed, how despairing, how anxious, he was always angry. “Why do you want this from me? I hurt you.” Yes, he did, but the sweet pain he gave helped take the pain inside her and twist it into something beautiful. Like showing her the glittering loveliness of the broken glass buried deep in her chest. It was already there. He wasn’t adding to it. He just revealed another facet to it. Showed the close relation it held—for her at least—to pleasure. To freedom. “You didn’t…not like you’re making it sound. Anyway, I liked it,” she said. “That makes no sense, baby.” “So what? Nothing in my life makes sense. And I…look.” She held her hand out for him to see. “I’m real. I’m a person. I’m not…someone’s doll. Not someone’s trophy. You make me feel a part of things, connected to my body in a way I never have been. To everything it can do. Everything it can feel. Everything I can want. I like it like this. I feel like I’m finally me. No control. No prettiness. Maybe a little bit dirty.”
Page :59 of 146 
“That’s twisted,” he said, shaking his head. She was so tired of this. So tired of people telling her what to want. “Good. I’m okay with that. I’ve spent way too much time trying to be normal. For what? No one is here. No one is here but us, and this isn’t for anyone else. It doesn’t matter if it looks good, if someone else would approve. All that matters is whether or not we like it.” There was something freeing in that. “Like you said,” she continued. “Normal is a lie. It’s a construct. Either you believe it or you don’t.” “I told you, I have to be something else. For them.” “Not in the bedroom, I wouldn’t think. So let’s do normal out there, and do what we want in here.” She stood up, leaving her clothes where he’d thrown them. “Admit it,” she said, turning her back to him, her skin burning, from her should blades down to her lower back. “You like this. You like that you marked me. Because you left everything civilized about yourself at the bottom of the ocean, and everything else is just fake. You’re hiding. Just like I was. So stop it. Stop it now. Lose control with me. Be what you really are with me.” He wrapped his arm around her waist, his hand hot and hard on her stomach. He drew her back against him hard, his lips nearly touching her ear. “You’re playing a dangerous game here, Addison. And I’m not sure it can go on like this.” She looked at Logan hard, at his eyes, and she saw fear there. “Why are you doing this? Why are you pushing me away now?” “You’re making me forget,” he said, his tone tortured now. “What do you mean?” “I can’t…you’re making me forget the wreck. The island…the…this is taking over. I can’t hold on to it and to you. I can’t let go of it.” “Why?” she asked, her throat tightening, pain lancing her chest. “You want things from me…I can’t…there are reasons I left certain things behind,” he said, his voice rough. Pain turned to anger, at life, for stealing so much from him. At him for letting it. For letting his trauma own him this way. “Do you know what I think? I think you like it too much. And that scares you. Because you’re hiding. Behind all this anxiety, and panic. Here in your hotel. You pretend that you’re the big, bad, scary Logan Black. Can’t be bothered to put shoes on. Won’t leave the hotel to meet you, you have to come to him. And it’s all just hiding the fact that you’re still trapped.” “I am not trapped.” “You are. And I think you want to stay that way. You don’t want to forget.” “Because someone has to remember. That is not the same as being trapped.” “Then why don’t you have a plan for figuring out how you can give your speech? Why haven’t we worked on that more? You say that you need to do this. You say you need to do it for your mother, for your sister. But you aren’t doing anything. And I think the real problem is that you don’t know how to do this for them and continue punishing yourself.” “You think you have all this figured out? I don’t have it figured out I live in my own head.” “Are you staying here forever?” He growled, forking his fingers through his hair and turning away from her, pacing the length of the room. “I can figure it out. I can figure out how to save the company without having to go out.” “So you can stay here forever. Well, I can’t. You talk about how you found freedom out there. But I don’t see it. I don’t see any freedom. I just see a guy who’s too afraid to face his demons.” Addison turned away from him and headed toward the door, her chest seizing up. “Where are you going?” he asked, his tone deadly. She looked at him over her shoulder, and it was all she could do not to go back to him. Instead she took a breath and turned back to the door. “Out.” * “Bartender, another!” Addison said, setting the tumbler back down on the glossy surface. She’d scrambled out of Black Book as quickly as possible after her fight with Logan, ordering the driver to take her somewhere that the press wouldn’t find her. Which was how she’d ended up here, drinking her troubles away in luxury surroundings. “Uh…I don’t know, Chanel Number 5, I think you’ve had enough.” The bartender, a woman with a full sleeve tattoo and glossy black hair said, arching a finely penciled eyebrow. “Ha!” Addison said, popping a handful of peanuts into her mouth. “That is funny. ‘Cause, like…rich bitch all up in your bar.” Addison had never been drunk before. But she was certainly drunk now. A brand-new experience to add to her list.
Page :60 of 146 
It felt so good. So, so good. She hadn’t been able to bring herself to go to a crowded nightclub or anything, not when she couldn’t face the thought of ending up as a headline. But Logan’s driver had said this place was discreet, and he hadn’t been wrong. Everyone was either up in the VIP room or hadn’t come out yet. So she didn’t have an audience, but still. She was doing things that she would never normally do, things her father would never have approved of. And she didn’t care. Not even a little. “Yeah,” the woman said, “rich bitch up in my bar. Usually it’s just rich bastards.” “What?” Addison asked, her vision swimming a little. “You know, this place is kind of a boys’ club.” She eyed the tough-looking woman, who was lovely in her way, but wasn’t exactly the kind of female bartender you imagined working in a boys’ club, as she’d called it. “What?” she asked. “You don’t look like a Playboy Bunny,” Addison said, tugging the skinny black straw out of her empty glass and gnawing the end. “Yeah, not so much. As it happens, the bar owner is a…uh, benefactor…guardian…older brotherish pain in my ass.” “Ah,” Addison said. “I have one of those. He’s my actual brother, though.” “Yeah, Jackson is…not. But he might as well be.” “Huh. Men.” “Yeah. Well, I do what I can to piss him off,” she said, indicating her tattoo, “and he does what he can to keep me in sight. The job.” “Right. Well, I’m Addison Treffen.” “Treffen?” she asked, her dark eyes widening. “As in…?” “Dead father with links to horrible criminal activity? All over the news? Yes. That is me.” “I was going to be more tactful than that. Isobel,” she said, sticking out her hand. Addison extended her hand and gave Isobel’s an unsteady shake. “Nice to meet you. My life is basically crap right now and I have no friends. So it’s actually a lot nicer to meet you than you can even imagine.” “So, what brings you here drinking? I mean, other than the dead pimp father.” “Uh…my, uh…my lover—wow, that sounds…but I don’t know what else to call him.” “Guy you’re banging is definitely not as classy.” Addison laughed and took another handful of nuts from the bowl. “No, no, it’s not. I like you. So yeah, I’m going to go with yours. The guy I am.…yeah. He…he has some issues. He’s not dealing with them very well. I’m kind of trying to…make him deal with them.” “Like what kind of issues?” “He’s… He’s been through some things. Like, bad things. He’s done some things. Things some people would think were bad, but I don’t really think he’s bad.” “He isn’t a pimp, is he?” Addison laughed. “Uh, no.” “Well, that’s something, then.” “It is. Definitely. I don’t know if it’s the liquor talking or not, but you are way more fun than those snotty sorority brats I usually hang out.” “And you’re a lot more fun than the cranky billionaires I have to deal with all the time.” For some reason, talking to Isobel seemed easy. And Addison had to wonder if it was because of the other woman, or if it had something to do with the changes that were taking place in her. Or the alcohol. “You get lots of cranky billionaires in here?” “Jackson and his…friends, associates, whatever. Jackson is probably too grumpy to have friends.” “Sounds like Logan,” she said. “Now, is that your brother or your lover?” “Lover,” Addison said, trying not to giggle. “Though, come to think of it, my brother would have fallen under the header of grumpy billionaire until recently. He’s still a billionaire. He’s just in love and therefore less grumpy.” “Heh. In my experience, love doesn’t make things less grumpy,” Isobel said. “At least not on my end. But then that could have something to do with it being one-sided. And I have said too much.” “Well, it goes both ways for my brother.” “Are you in love? Is that why this is hard?” Addison snorted. “I’m not in love. Not even a little. Logan is hot, and he’s built, and he’s great in bed. And handsome. And he’s fascinating. But no, not in love. I barely like him at this point.” “Obviously. This is why you’re in a bar drinking. Alone.”
Page :61 of 146 
“Yeah, because of how flipping well adjusted I am.” Her phone rang from somewhere in the depths of her purse. “Hang on,” she said. She bent down and took her phone out of her back and swiped the unlock bar. “Hello?” “Where are you?” It was Logan, growling as was typical. “What’s it to you? You’re not going to come after me.” “Are you drunk?” he asked Yes. Very. Her S’s were awfully soft and lazy for someone on the right side of sobriety, but she wasn’t going to admit it. “No,” she said. “Beverages have been consumed, certainly, but I don’t think drunk is the appropriate way to characterize my, uh…er…status.” “You’re hammered. Where are you?” “Place. That I had one of your drivers take me to.” “I don’t need your directions, then. I’ll get them from him.” The line went dead and she swore. Yeah, that hadn’t been the smartest idea. Of course, Logan couldn’t come get her if he wanted to. So there. “Can I have another cherry?” she asked Isobel gave her a wary look. “I’m not sure you can be trusted with anything more of…anything. If you puke on my bar, I’m handing you a rag and you’re cleaning it up yourself.” “I don’t know how to clean up messes,” Addison said. “Which is probably a huge part of my issues. I’m in a massive mess and I have no idea how the hell I’m supposed to clean it up. And he wants me to clean up his. Or rather…I don’t think he wants me to clean up his. I think he wants to…hang out in the mess and I want to clean it up and…and…I don’t even know.” Isobel arched an eyebrow and lifted a jar of cherries up from beneath the bar. “Have as many cherries as you want, Chanel.” “Addison.” “Sure.” Addison reached into the jar and took out a handful of cherries. Isobel blinked and set the jar next to her. “Well, those are yours now, sweetie.” “Thanks,” she said, popping one into her mouth. Dimly she had the feeling there was something not quite right about her behavior, but she couldn’t be bothered to care. “Don’t mention it.” “He’s acting like he’s going to come get me,” she said. “Well, when he picks you up and carries you out, and you puke, aim for his shoes and not the floor,” Isobel said. “He won’t come,” she said. “He can’t come.” She looked down into her empty cup and sighed. She didn’t want him to come anyway. She really didn’t. She popped another cherry into her mouth. She was brooding. And not quietly. She didn’t care. For once she really didn’t freaking care what anyone thought, or what they might see when they looked at her. She wasn’t here to make people feel comfortable. Or to feel welcome. She wasn’t here to represent the Treffen name. She was here to be her. And everyone else could deal with it. Hell, she had as much right to be who she was as anyone had to be who they were. She had a right to take up space and express emotions. Other people did it all the time. Why not her? Why not now? In a bar in Manhattan with a jar of cherries. Or in a club. Maybe she would go to a club. And make a scene. A cold burst of air rushed in through the front door and she turned to look. And there was Logan, standing there looking dark and imposing in a long black jacket, leather gloves on his hands, a perfectly pressed suit molded to his physique. He was wearing a black tie. And damn. It was as if he’d gone out of his way to transform himself into some hedonistic fantasy of the disapproving, polished billionaire. Begging to be unpolished. She had to be drunker than she thought. Because this was a hallucination. It had to be. She closed her eyes. Would he really be there when she opened them again? She’d count to three before opening them again. One, two, three… * Logan Black had a bad habit of turning up when he shouldn’t. He’d all but risen from the grave five years ago, and now he was here, when his social anxiety should make it impossible. The last two times he’d left the hotel had resulted in panic attacks, so of course she’d never imagined he would pursue her here in the outside world. Unless he was a figment of her imagination. He took a step into the bar, and Addison knew for sure she wasn’t hallucinating. “What are you doing here?” she asked. “I came to get you,” he said. “Damn, girl,” Isobel, the bartender, said. “You’re in trouble.”
Page :62 of 146 
And Addison wasn’t sure if Isobel meant right this moment, or in a much broader, philosophical sense. Addison feared it was the second one. Well, and the first one too. Though somehow the immediate threat seemed…desirable. Which went a long way in showing just how messed up she was in the head. But oh well. Owning it. That was her new thing. “How did you come to get me?” she asked. “I mean, all things considered.” “It’s easier in the dark. Plus…” He looked around the room. “The bar isn’t exactly crowded.” “I’m busy, though,” Isobel said. Logan ignored her. “And I wasn’t about to leave you out here doing God knows what.” “Yeah, I am a loose canon, Logan, I’ll give you that. Given my wild-child past.” She rolled her eyes. At him. At herself. “You’re out here drinking,” he said. “Alone.” “Are you going to lecture me on how unsafe it is? Because given that I’ve spent weeks holed up in a hotel with you, I don’t think I was much safer before I came out. With or without the alcohol.” “Fair point, little girl,” he said, stepping down into the bar area, his hands at his sides. He curled his fingers into his fists and she watched the leather on the gloves stretch tight over his knuckles. “I’m going to go to the back and…inventory,” Isobel said, her footsteps indicating a very quick scurry. “I’m not a little girl,” Addison said, standing up and starting to walk past him. He reached out and grabbed her arm, stopping her, the look on his face one of pure danger. “You ran scared like one.” “That was your goal, wasn’t it? You pushed me away. You did it on purpose.” “Hell yes,” he said, lifting his other hand and dragging his leather-covered fingertip across her cheekbone and down her jaw, “it was my goal.” “Then why are you here? And I mean seriously, how the hell did you manage?” She looked at him and, even in her slightly altered state, she could see he was affected by being here. He took hold of her jaw, the leather cold against her skin. “Because I decided I didn’t want you to go. Fickle bastard that I am.” He released her, and she felt nothing but disappointment. He was too controlled. Too contained. She wanted him wild. “Somehow I don’t think fickle is a word often used to describe you.” She was pushing him, and she knew it. “Not often,” he said. “But I find I want you gone. And at the same time I very much want you with me, so I’m not sure what else to call that.” “Confusing.” “Well, that’s one way of putting it.” She crossed her arms under her breasts. “The other way had a lot of profanity.” “That is the alcohol talking. You so rarely use profanity of any kind.” “Only around you. Anyway, could be the cherries,” she said. “That was a lot of sugar.” He shifted, wrapping his arm around her waist, his palm warm and open on her lower back, pulling her up against the hardness of his body. He moved his hand, cupping her chin, holding her tight. “Is that so?” He leaned in then, sliding the tip of his tongue across her lower lip, the wet friction sending a shiver through her body. He leaned in, delving deeper, tasting her. Savoring her. He pulled back, a low sound rumbling in his chest. “Like candy.” She shivered, his voice melting all the cold places inside her. Making her wonder why in the hell she’d let him push her away. Because he’d been doing it on purpose, and she’d known it. But it had been so easy to just take it all and turn it into a big ball of anger in her chest. To stop feeling things for him and just let herself fill up with all the rage she’d stuffed down deep and just let it go. Because it was the safest thing to do. It helped fortify all the walls around her heart. It made it so she didn’t care so much about a man who didn’t want her to care about him. It made her not feel pain and sorrow over a father who didn’t deserve one tear, let alone the flood of them that were building up inside her. Her eyes filled and she squeezed them shut, shaking her head. “Don’t give me that,” she said. “I’m not sweet. I’m just a spoiled rich brat who hasn’t ever earned a thing in her life or suffered in any way at all. And you’re just letting me get away with it. Because guess what, Logan Black? You are not that scary.” She was daring him. Daring him to get mad. So she could get mad. So she could do something with the ache that was building behind her eyes. She was daring him to get rough, because rough was easy.
Page :63 of 146 
“You don’t think so, princess?” “No. Maybe if you backed up your bark with a little bite?” He leaned in slowly, his eyes never leaving hers as he kissed her throat, his teeth grazing her tender skin before he shifted and bit her softly. “Something like that?” “I made you come out of your hotel. I caused you a lot of trouble. Are you going to let me get away with that?” He lifted his head, blue eyes glittering with intensity. “What do you propose I do?” “Whatever you want. I trust you.” “Oh, I don’t think you want that,” he said, his eyes glittering. “Maybe I just want you to let go of your damn island,” she said, hoping to ramp up the blue flame in his eyes even more. Hoping to push him again. To make him push back. “Maybe I want you to lose control again. Like you did in the gym, before you pushed me away. Before I scared you.” “You scared me? I think I should scare you.” “Perhaps. But you don’t. I want it, Logan.” “You think you can really handle that, sweetheart?” he asked, his lips close to her ear, his words a whisper. She bit her lip, arousal sliding through her veins like heated honey. “I like it best when you’re rough. I like it when you stop trying to be what you think you should be.” He moved his hand down so that he was palming her rear. “You like the beast?” She arched backward, pressing herself more firmly against his hand. “You know I do. I’ve had enough civilized to last me a lifetime. I don’t like games. When I’m naked with you, I want you naked. Not covering it all up with control.” “You are drunk.” “Tipsy.” “And probably if you’re tipsy I shouldn’t give you what we both know you’re begging for,” he said, his voice rough. “I’m not begging.” He moved his hand slowly over her bottom. “You’re begging. But I’m not going to give you what you want.” “Why?” she asked, annoyance spiking through her. “Because,” he said, “you let the tiger out of the cage. And now you have to deal with the consequences. If you want me out of control, you have to deal with what that means. And it doesn’t necessarily mean you’re getting everything you want.” He tightened his hold on her chin. “Now, you get your pretty ass in that car.” “And if I don’t?” A muscle in his jaw ticked. “Do it, Addison.” He dropped his hand, stepped away from her. She obeyed, because she wanted to. Because it helped fuel the fire in her. Helped feed the beast. She needed the release he’d give. The violent surge of satisfaction. The raging, uneasy pleasure that came when she gave herself to him. Isobel appeared from the kitchen. “Is everything okay?” she asked. “Because I’m not intimidated by billionaires in suits who think they’re badass.” “It’s fine,” she said, tossing her hair over her shoulder and looking at Logan. “Logan, tip her.” “She just threatened me,” Logan said. “So?” Logan reached into the interior pocket of his suit jacket and took out his wallet, pulling out a crisp bill and setting it on the counter. “Extra. For the cherries.” He tugged her close and propelled her out of the bar and out onto the dark street. The limo was waiting. Sleek and black, idling against the curb. She got inside and he followed, closing the door behind them. The divider between the backseat and the chauffeur was up, shrouding them in privacy. He pushed a button on door handle. “Drive,” he said, then removed his hand. “Why,” she asked, “are you wearing gloves?” “Baby, it’s cold outside.” “You don’t even like shoes, you provocative jackass. What are you doing?” “Provocative?” “You should know a man in a suit is to women what a woman in lingerie is to men. And those gloves are giving me a lot of very dirty thoughts.” He leaned his head back against the seat. “I’m not in the mood to play games.” “What are you in the mood for, then?” She wanted his attention. Wanted him to look at her. Wanted to acknowledge that he’d come after her because he needed her. He forked his fingers through her hair and drew her backward so that she was lying down on the seat, her legs spread, her dress falling up to her hips. “This,” he said, looking at her, his eyes hungry. “Missionary position? Daring.” “Be quiet,” he said. She closed her mouth, her attention rapt on him. On what he would do next. Say next. She was fascinated, by him, and by the need he wasn’t doing anything to disguise.
Page :64 of 146 
Her heart was pounding, her mouth dry. He did need her. He hooked his fingers into the waistband of her panties and dragged them down her thighs. “You want me to lose my control? You want me to be the animal you know I am? Then you have to feed my appetite.” He leaned in, pushing her legs apart with his broad shoulders. “Right now I just want more of your sugar.” He leaned down, his breath hot on her body. He slid his tongue over her slick flesh, pleasure streaking through her. This wasn’t what she wanted. This wasn’t him out of control. Wasn’t Logan, the animal, freeing them both in a violent storm of desire. This wasn’t their nonstop, intense version of pleasure that stole her breath and hollowed out her stomach. This was slow and slick, deliberate. There was no adrenaline to blunt the need, no bite of the rug beneath her back to give her a bit of herself back. This was a deliberate claiming of her body, of her control. And he didn’t relent. He tasted her long and deep, leisurely strokes of his tongue across her wet flesh. She lifted her hips, pressing herself harder against his mouth, the rush it sent through her making her feel dizzy. Breathless. It should have been served up in a shot glass so she could knock it back fast. But he wasn’t playing that way. He didn’t stop. He went harder, deeper. Sliding a finger inside her, teasing her with his mouth and hands now. “Logan…” She wanted to beg him. To be hard. To be rough. To make it fast so she didn’t linger here, with all the emotions that were pushing against the barricades around her heart. She wanted him to overwhelm her with the physical so she couldn’t dwell on the deep ache of emotion radiating out from her heart. He added a second finger, teasing her with his tongue as he thrust deep inside her. Her stomach clenched tight, her muscles tensing. She could breathe. Couldn’t think. She was sure she was going to break apart. Sure she couldn’t survive this. He pressed his lips against her and sucked hard, the action splintering the tension, breaking it off into pieces that she was sure she could never put back together, rivers of pleasure rushing through the cracks, filling her, moving through her in waves. She was breathing hard, utterly spent and exhausted, her forehead damp with sweat. He leaned forward and pressed the intercom again. “Keep driving until I say stop,” he said, moving his hand away, bringing his attention back to her. “I won’t have anything interrupting me.” He reached down, undoing the closure on his pants, freeing his hard erection before reaching into his pocket and producing his wallet. He quickly rolled a condom on and moved back to her, teasing the entrance to her body with the blunt head of his erection. He gripped her hips and pulled her forward, his thick length entering her slowly, inch by agonizing inch. He was still fully clothed, his tie tight, knotted at the base of his throat, even while he was buried in her to the hilt. He pulled away and thrust back into her, hard, pulling her against him as he moved to her. She looked up at him, his blue eyes blazing into hers, his cock hard inside her, his hands firm on her body. It was too much. She closed her eyes and turned her head away. He leaned in, gripping her chin, his gloved fingers digging into her skin. “Look at me, Addison. I will not allow you to pretend it’s another man inside you. I will not allow you to wish me away. I’m the man you said you wanted. This is me. With nothing, no control, no civility. With all my sins. All my sickness. You wanted me to be this, to uncover this. And you’ll know that I’m the man who’s having you.” She opened her eyes again, looked at him. “I don’t want anyone else,” she said, her words a gasp. “Say it again.” “I don’t want anyone else,” she repeated, steadier this time. “My name.” “Logan, I don’t want anyone else.” He froze above her, his erection pulsing inside her, the tendons on his neck standing out as he gave himself over to his own pleasure. The sight of that, of this powerful man, covered in the markings of civilization, giving himself over wholly to the beast inside her, sent her over the edge, her own climax tearing through her as he spent himself inside her. He moved away from her, tugging off the condom and shoving it into the small trash compartment built into the limo. Then he tucked himself back into his pants. And the feral, dangerous man was gone. At least, some people would think so. But she knew better. Of course, she was still lying on her back recovering from two hard orgasms in a row, her panties Lord knew where in the car. She sat up, her head spinning.
Page :65 of 146 
“You will not leave me again,” he said, his voice hard. Grim. Betraying more of what he felt than anything that had come before it. “I won’t,” she said. And she knew, right then, that she’d made a much deeper pact in her soul than she’d spoken with words. Chapter Fourteen For the first time in four years, putting on shoes had been easy that morning. And the way a day was going to go always started with shoes. So as days went, he was already feeling much more optimistic than usual. Add to that, he’d woken up next to Addison. In bed. He hadn’t slept in a bed all through the night since before the island. Which had maybe helped with the shoes. It had certainly increased the feeling of satisfaction, the feeling of certainty that was running deep inside him. It was such a foreign feeling. The ground seemed solid, rather than a shifting, turning wave beneath his feet. He stood from behind his desk and tugged back the curtain, looking down at the street below. Nothing tilted. His head didn’t swim. Either he was more in control of himself, or Addison’s touch had gone a long way toward healing him. Potentially both. Last night had been perfect. In that messed-up way perfection seemed to take shape in his life. She’d come back with him. He’d gone out and gotten her, and she’d come back with him. She’d seen all of him. Every sick piece of himself. Every dark, twisted secret that lurked in the corners of his soul. If he even had a soul. That was up for debate. But he wasn’t all that concerned with semantics. The fact was, he had Addison with him. Last night…last night he’d lost control in her…and gained some outside of that. He’d gone out. He’d gone after her. He’d held himself together. And when the sun rose this morning, it hadn’t dissolved. Yes, he’d purposed not to have her again. Not to use her that way because it was making him forget—and he couldn’t afford to forget. But he also had to make this speech, and without her, without this, he didn’t think he could. The living would have to take precedence over guilt for the dead. For now. The door to his office opened and Addison walked in, cream-colored dress molded to her slender curves. She had red lipstick on, which she had to know drove him crazy. Made him hard. Made him want to put her on the desk and continue on when where they’d left off. Because she was his. And the fact that she’d come back with him last night proved that. He shouldn’t want it. He shouldn’t want her. But he did. More than that, he needed her. Which was why he’d tried to push her away last night. Because need was too dangerous. Because need was something he couldn’t afford, and yet somehow, needing her specifically offered more control instead of less. Until they came together…then it all burned away. But perhaps that was the secret. To spend all his wild, reckless desire on her at night made him more of a man during the day. He’d gone out last night in that suit, covered as much as possible, insulating himself from the world, disguising himself as a civilized man, to prove he could. Because he’d had to go and get her. And then he’d stripped it all off for her. Because she’d demanded it, and he could give her no less than what she demanded. It would have been better if he’d let her go. Better for her. But in the end, he was a bastard. And his own needs won out. He curled his hands into fists, the need to press his thumb to her throat and feel her pulse almost overwhelming. Confirming what he already knew about himself. He took a sharp breath. “Why do you look so self-satisfied?” he asked. “Because I am,” she said. “Multiple climaxes will do that to a girl. And I was really enjoying going over the plans for the brownstone property. Very cool.” “Cool. My hotel is cool.” “B and B, Mr. Black, get that terminology right.” “That’s your interest is it? Bed-and-breakfasts?” “More so than gigantic hotels, yes.” “What about them do you like?” She looked down at the folder in her hand. “I haven’t given it much thought, actually. I confess I wasn’t really planning on using my degree. Which is…. I realize that doesn’t make very much sense.” “Well, think it through. Why do you like B and Bs?” A small smile curved her lips. “What I really like is the homey element to them. I like the idea of a smaller place. Specific in its decor, rather than generic. And food. Sharing food with people is important. It’s part of caring for them.” “I know, you offered me steak when I told you I was a murderer.”
Page :66 of 146 
“Hmm. Well. Yeah. I did. Possibly, in retrospect, I find that I may have been inappropriate and unhelpful in that moment.” “You’re as emotionally crippled as I am,” he said. “Which I find to be part of your charm.” She nodded slowly. “I am. I am an emotional cripple. I haven’t known how to process all these bad feelings, so I haven’t been. I don’t know how to be this person I’m supposed to be. I don’t know how to be this Addison. The only thing that makes sense is when you’re with me.” “Last night you told me I was confusing. If I recall correctly.” “You are. But I make sense when we’re together. I know what I want.” She was so strong. But like a pillar of glass. Capable of giving support. But the wrong kind of pressure would break her. And not just break, but splinter entirely. “Yes,” he said. “You do. So, do you want to open a bed-and-breakfast?” “I don’t know. I hadn’t given it much thought. But I guess, hospitality and business are my areas of study, and it makes sense to use them. I have money. Trust funds, and now life insurance payouts from my dad’s estate, assuming it doesn’t all end up eaten by lawsuits, which…well, that’s a possibility, all things considered. I can get a place Upstate. Or in Vermont or something.” “You don’t want to live in Manhattan?” “More and more, I feel like leaving Manhattan might be the best thing. There’s the press for one. Then there’s the fact that there will always be people here with expectations for me. Old friends, even my family is well-meaning as they are. And someday, maybe I’ll be able to live closer and still cling to the new ideas I have about myself. But for now I think maybe distance is the answer.” Silence fell between them. A strange swell surged through his chest, a kind of triumph. He was proud of her, he realized. “You don’t need me,” he said. She blinked, a strange look flashing through her eyes. He’d never been great at reading female emotions, because he’d been too selfish in his days before the island, and because since then…he’d never tried. This emotion was no different. It was a mystery to him, and he found it enraged him. Because it was a mystery he knew he needed to solve. He had the sudden, intense feeling that solving it could change his entire life. But he couldn’t. “I do,” she said, her lips tight. “But there’s not really a place for either of us to fit with each other, not in the long run. So it’s kind of moot, isn’t it?” “I suppose so. It’s about time for us to clock out.” “Is it? I was enjoying myself today. I didn’t realize how much time had passed.” “That’s a good thing. Maybe real Addison should be in the hotel business.” “I’m thinking maybe she should,” Addison said. His chest tightened, his resolve, for one moment, weakening. But he knew he needed to ask her this. Knew he needed to try this if he had a hope in hell of surviving the ball. They would need to dance, and that would help him. Anchor him. But they would have to practice first. Set it up as something he could look forward to. Something he could focus on. Addison was his anchor. “As it’s time to clock out, perhaps you would like to go out with me?” “Oh, go out with you? As in…to my room?” “No. I thought maybe we’d go dancing.” * If Logan were the type of guy to tell a joke, Addison would be waiting for the punch line. But he wasn’t. So instead she just resigned herself to total confusion as she followed instruction and went back to her room to change. She traded her more staid work attire to a red dress that was fitted through the bodice and flared out at her hips. All the better to move while dancing. Since they were going dancing. Apparently. She walked back out into the hallway, and stopped when she saw Logan. He was dressed in a tux, his perfect physique on display to its greatest effect. Granted, he was most incredible when he wore nothing at all. But if anything came close to matching that, it was when he was wearing a suit. He was so beautiful. Which was a strange adjective to assign to a man like him. A man who could be cold and utterly ruthless. A man who seemed to be lacking in the ability to connect with the world in almost every fundamental way. Or perhaps that was what made him so beautiful. He was untouchable. Not his body. She’d touched that. Tasted it. Taken it inside her own. In this very limo, in fact. But Logan, the essence of the man. The torment that corroded him from the inside out, the hardness of his soul, was out of reach.
Page :67 of 146 
And even though she knew touching him would be her end, she wanted to. Something was changing between them. Had been for a while. Something was changing in her. She didn’t want it to. But where she was blocked from reaching in deeper, he’d gotten beneath her skin. And brought all this heat, and need, this realization that there could be more to life, if she weren’t so cautious. If she could just be brave. Forget the lessons she’d learned via the sins of her father and through the pain of her mother and just shed her outer shell. Come at me, large predators. I’m shell-less, and I’m vulnerable, but the sun feels so good on my skin. Of course, that was scary. But the alternative at this point wasn’t any better. Going back to who she’d been might be safe, but what was it she wanted more? Protection…or everything? To stay safe, or to jump into the storm and let herself get tossed around with nothing to keep her from getting smashed on the rocks? She frowned at her own analogies. Every single one assumed she was soft and easily crushed beneath her protection. But the simple truth was, she had no idea if that was the case. Maybe she wasn’t a crustacean, or a similarly, easily crushed being. Maybe she was a secret badass. A secret badass who could handle someone’s darkest demons while dealing with her own. Who had held a man while he shook, and brought him out of his flashback in the shower. Warmed him as he shivered. Who had taken in every one of his dark secrets and hadn’t crumbled beneath their weight. So maybe she was underestimating herself. Making herself smaller, less important. The way almost everyone else in her life always had. The layer she’d put between herself and the world, between herself and men, had, unknowingly, been put in place to protect the world from her. From who she really was, as much as it had ever been to protect herself from the world. So that she would never offend her father, or her Ivy League friends. So that she would never make waves in the press. Well, that was done. It was over. And whatever happened from here on out…well, the consequences would be hers, but at least the choices would be too. “You don’t seem like the kind of guy who dances,” she said, breaking out of her internal monologue. “I used to,” he said. “In clubs with flashing lights and lots of women in short skirts.” “Oh yeah,” he said, smiling with memory. There was no fondness in the smile, no warmth. Just a kind of rueful acceptance. “Alcohol, a little light drug use. Sex and strobe lights. But that’s not what we’re after tonight.” “Oh, good. I mean, come on, Logan, it’s not 1996. Let’s leave the strobe lights in the past.” “Noted.” “You can have fun, you know,” she said. “I don’t normally.” “I know. But surely…what you did. Who you were…it wasn’t all bad.” He blinked. “I…I tend to think of it as bad.” “I know. But not everything you were was bad. Just like not everything you are now is bad. I know you have some issues, but that isn’t…everything. It’s not all you are.” “I never thought of it that way,” he said, his voice rough. “I do.” She took a deep breath. “So, what did you have in mind?” “I thought we might go up to the roof.” He held his hand out to her and she took it, his fingers lacing through hers as he led her to the staircase that went up to the roof. The motion easy. The feeling of his hand made her blood go hot and fizzy. It spoke of a connection. Not simply a physical connection. And that was why the gesture mattered so much. Because it wasn’t sex. Because it wasn’t unconscious or necessary because he was tense. Because it seemed a lot like touching her just to keep a link between them. She moved closer to him and pressed herself against his arm, turned her face to his shoulder and breathed in deep, taking in the scent of him. The familiar smell that was his skin, his soap. Just him. He pushed open the exterior door and held it for her, and she walked out into the crisp night air. “Do you come up often?” she asked, surveying the area. There were planter boxes and tables, the area ready for guests. But it was vacant tonight, she imagined by design. Overhead the lanterns were lit, slow sensual music being piped in over speakers that she couldn’t immediately see. “No. But I thought since I’m gearing up for the ball, this might be a nice bit of practice. No people, but, dancing. And I imagine we will dance.” “If we do that people will know we’re together,” she said.
Page :68 of 146 
He tightened his hold on her hand. “Do you care?” She thought about Austin. About the fact that he would be angry that his friend, no matter how distant a friend, was sleeping with his much younger sister. That was going to go over like a kick to the face. “I don’t. But I hope Austin doesn’t either. And the odds of that are…low.” “I’m not afraid of your brother.” “He is my father’s son, so you might rethink that.” “Pretty hard to hurt someone who’s already dead.” “You’re not dead, Logan.” She lifted her hand and brushed her knuckles over his cheek. He lifted his hand to cover hers and moved it to his lips, kissing her fingers. Then he focused his gaze on her,. “Most of me is.” “I don’t believe that. I think a whole lot more of you is alive than you would like.” His mouth curved into a smile. “Is that what you think?” “Yes.” “Smart girl. Very smart. Now,” he said, “let’s dance.” She led now, pulling him to the center of the rooftop. The lights twinkled all around them, some buildings rising higher than Black Book, and some providing a soft glow from below. City noises filled the air around them, partly quieted by some of the music. She paid close attention to Logan, to how his muscles tensed and relaxed. Did her best to keep tabs on how he was doing. She turned to him, curled into his chest, her head rested against him, his heart pounding beneath her cheek. Fast. Hard. As if he were running a marathon. He put his arms around her, his hold tight. His breath was shallow, and she could feel the tension in every line of his body. Even this, still in his domain but outdoors, was hard for him. Even this had a price. She wrapped her arms around his neck and drew herself closer, holding him. Swaying with him. A nod to dancing when she knew that wasn’t what they were doing at all. They were holding tight, and weathering the storm together. And suddenly she knew that this was her storm. Because he was her man. Her person. The one who’d made her decide that it was better to let him in than to stay safe from the storm. She went up on her toes and kissed his neck, felt his pulse beneath her lips. She suddenly wanted to touch him everywhere, not just because she wanted him, but because he was so special to her. So essential, and the realization of it overwhelmed her. Made her want to hold tight to him, to make sure he was real. To make sure she was real. She was real. More real than she’d ever been. And she loved him. That wasn’t supposed to happen. But it did. She loved this man more than she’d believed it was possible to love anyone. This was deep. This was under her skin. Under the armor. She knew who she was now. She was Addison Treffen. She was her own woman. She was strong. She had value, all on her own. And she was in love with Logan Black, a man who was so broken he couldn’t even love himself, let alone anyone else. “How are you feeling?” she asked, her eyes filling with tears. She looked down, hoped that in the dim light he wouldn’t see. Because there was no wall to hold it back now. There was no buffer between the world and her emotions. “I’m good,” he said, tightening his hold on her. In spite of the tears, a smile curved her lips. “Look at you, outside dancing.” “Not panicking,” he whispered. “Nope. You can do this, Logan. You can give your speech. You can show them what you need to show them.” “With help,” he said. “With you.” “You’ll have me.” For as long as he needed. For as long as he would have her. “Because I’m yours.” He slipped his hand up her back, her neck, burying his fingers in her hair. “Yes. You are.” For how long didn’t matter. All that mattered was right now she belonged to him. She would take that for as long as she could. Chapter Fifteen Addison’s phone rang at four-thirty the next morning. She reached over Logan and grabbed it off the nightstand. She knew where she was. She knew who she was with. And besides being nervous about the ringing phone, she wasn’t afraid. But phones didn’t ring at four in the morning for good reasons. “Hello?” Logan shifted and sat up, his eyes on her. “Addison? It’s Nora.” “Nora? What’s going on?” “I got a text from Harlow.” “You did?” Addison pushed her hair off her face and looked at Logan, who was studying her intently. “Yes. But I’m really, really concerned now.” “What? Why?” “She told me she was fine. And she asked me to make sure I fed her cat.”
Page :69 of 146 
“What? But she doesn’t…and how would you…if she got a cat in Europe…” “Exactly. Which I think was for my benefit. And I feel like it’s because she’s not safe. It’s cloak-and-dagger stuff, I know, but with everything that’s happened…” “Why wouldn’t it be?” Addison asked. “All things considered.” “Look, I did more digging. She was researching sex trafficking and writing a research paper on the topic.” “Wait…she was researching sex trafficking and she happened to take a position at the London branch of my father’s firm?” “Yes,” Nora said, her tone grave. “That’s what it looks like.” “I don’t like that at all. After what happened to Sarah ten years ago…” “And the stuff Zoe went through,” Nora added, referencing her brother’s girlfriend. “I really, really think this is too coincidental,” Addison said, her stomach churning. “Did she respond when you texted back?” “Nothing. She went dark again. And I couldn’t get through to the number by calling. And I think it’s too coincidental because it isn’t coincidental at all.” “Who might know something? Who else might be able to figure this out?” “Louise.” Louise had been a mentor to Harlow, and was involved in women’s studies at Columbia. There was every chance that Harlow had begun the project with her help. “Great. Are you still in touch with her at all?” “Not in a big way, but I’ll see if she still has the same contact information.” “Okay. And I’ll wait to hear from you.” “Addison…I’m sorry about your dad. And I’m sorry to dump all this on you after…” Addison’s throat tightened. “No. Don’t. He was awful.” “Sure. But…I’m still sorry.” “I appreciate it. Thanks.” She hung up and put the phone back on the nightstand. “That was Nora. I’m afraid… I’m afraid something terrible happened to her. Something to do with my father.” Addison started shaking. She was so unguarded all of a sudden that it was really inconvenient. She just couldn’t handle this. But then, she doubted she’d ever been handling it at all. She’d just been shoving it down deep and hoping it would go away. Still, she’d rather not be crying and shivering all the time. “What can I do?” he asked, putting his arms around her. She leaned into the warmth of his body, turning in to his broad chest, pressing her face against him. “I don’t know. I don’t know what I can do either. I just…why is everything falling apart? I’m so tired…” “I’ve asked myself that before,” he said. “So many times.” “And what answer did you get?” “Nothing but the sound of the waves.” He cupped her cheek, pulling her in tight. “But one thing I did learn was how to build something new. Even here. Even though it’s broken.” “Are we broken?” she asked. “Almost certainly.” “Is there anything we can do about it?” “Well,” he said, “if we can rebuild our surroundings, who’s to say we can’t rebuild ourselves?” “I like that thought,” she said. “Today went well.” “It did. I…forgot for a while.” He sounded troubled. Not triumphant. “What did you forget?” “The island. Kelly. Everything, really. Even what came before it was just…now.” “That’s a good thing, isn’t it?” “Yes. It is.” He didn’t sound convinced. “I guess we should go back to sleep,” she said. “Do you want to sleep?” He brushed his hand over her cheek. “I need to. I feel so…tired. Not in the same way I’ve been feeling tired. Not in that horrible, dull kind of way. It’s just…like the floodgate sort of opened on my emotions and everything I was holding back is pouring out and new things are getting in. It’s draining.” “I can imagine.” “I can go back to my room. I don’t suppose there’s any reason for me to stay if all we’re doing is sleeping.” Falling asleep right after sex was one thing, but making the decision to chastely fall asleep together seemed like something else, and right now, with her newly minted feelings all raw and out there, it seemed tantamount to a declaration of love. And anyway, he wouldn’t stay in the bed. “If you don’t stay, what’s going to keep me from walking off the balcony?” he said, amusement in his voice.
Page :70 of 146 
“Common sense?” “You’re assuming I have any.” He tugged her down onto the mattress, his body partly over hers. “Stay with me. You’re mine, and you have to do what I say.” That should not turn her on. But it did. “Now what?” “Rest.” “I want you now,” she said, yawning. “It’ll keep. We have time.” The gala was drawing nearer, and it was, in her mind, a countdown timer. A day of reckoning for them both. They’d been hiding in this place, under a spell in so many ways. His hotel very like a castle under an enchantment. But they would have to go out in public. Everyone would know, not just about Logan’s issues, but about the two of them together. And everyone would be looking at them both. At her. Jason Treffen’s daughter. Fallen from grace. Abandoned by her boyfriend, her reputation sullied. She waited for the fear to hit her. But it didn’t. What did any of that matter? She didn’t live for those people now. Newspaper headlines didn’t have bite, not really. Not when she looked at her life, at where she was right now, and wouldn’t change anything she was doing. She was with Logan Black. In his bed. As his lover. She had found something here with him. Something of herself. No, she didn’t fear the press. She only feared what would become of her and Logan after he no longer needed her. “Do we?” she asked, her chest constricting. “Do we have time?” “I can’t promise you anything,” he said, dragging his fingertip down her cheek. “I wish to God I could.” “No guarantees in life, huh?” she asked, willing herself not to cry. “But there’s tonight. And tonight you’re with me.” * Logan paced the length of his office, waiting for Addison to come in. He felt like a caged beast. Or maybe that was just a way of romanticizing the hideous anxiety that was running through his veins. The opening was in an hour. A speech had been written for him, because there was no way in hell he was writing his own when he had next to nothing to say about the new endeavor. It’s ostentatious and far more plush than any human being needs anything to be. I hope you all spend a ton of money staying in it. That wouldn’t do. So he had to pay someone to make up inspiring words that he didn’t give a damn about. Anyway, as long as he could rattle off the speech, which he’d spent the day memorizing, as long as he could look at Addison he could get through it. She was his horizon line. His stability. She belonged to him now, and it would be far better for her if she didn’t. But he needed her. He had no other option now. No other way to keep his head above water. And this was it. The penultimate event. After this…he had no more excuses left as far as keeping her was concerned. There will always be other events. There will always be something. Yeah, but why the hell would she stay? Why not? Money. Sex. Companionship. It would be mutually beneficial. This week, he’d slept in a bed for the first time in four years. Addison wrapped around him, her hold on him as possessive as his on her. He had a feeling that as much as she professed to belong to him, he belonged to her. His very ability to use furniture properly was tied to her. If that wasn’t ownership he had no idea what was. The door to his office opened and in she walked, blond hair loose. For him. So he could weave his fingers through it. Her lips were red, because she knew he liked it. Her gown was black, stunning and elegant. Covering her delicious curves and pale skin, and somehow making her all the more tantalizing for it. “Are you ready?” she asked. “I have to wear a tie,” he said. “And you haven’t put it on.” “No.” “Did you want me to tie it for you?” she asked. “That would be nice.” “But I don’t know how to tie a tie.” He let out a short, one-note laugh. “Luckily I do.” He took the tie off the back of his office chair and quickly set it right. “Like riding a bike. Why is it that stupid things like this are so easy to remember…and the rest isn’t?” “I guess when the hammer falls on your life, it breaks some parts beyond repair. And leaves tying ties largely intact. It’s not fair, really.” “Life isn’t,” he said, his voice rough. “Sometimes it is. What happened to my father was fair.” “But what he did to you wasn’t.” “No. It wasn’t. But maybe it was necessary.” “At least he was the casualty in his life’s war, and not you. I fear other people paid the ultimate price in mine.” For some reason, he flashed back to that night. To the screaming. To the pain.
Page :71 of 146 
He’d been forgetting. It wasn’t fair for him to forget. Wasn’t fair for him to sleep in a bed. To be normal again. To have her. He shook those thoughts off. He had a party to get through and he had to keep his focus. “Logan, you can’t think like that. What’s done is done. It can’t be changed.” “As platitudes go, it’s true.” “It can’t be changed and you can’t go back.” And so much of him wouldn’t. Would never go back to being the spoiled, dead-end human being he’d been before. But if he could…if he could, none of those people would have died. Kelly wouldn’t have… But if the wreck hadn’t happened, if the island hadn’t happened, he would be the same man he’d been before setting foot on it. Shallow. A waste. Hard to regret. Impossible not to. “Science has really failed us on the time travel thing,” she said, deadpan. “So we can blame science for all this?” “Sure. That would cover the weather that caused the ship to wreck. It would cover biology, which explains us… So yes, I blame science.” Anger rippled over his skin and he wasn’t sure why. Except he didn’t like hearing what they had reduced to a word as cold as biology. What he’d dealt with on the island could be, in many ways, reduced down to science. To survival. Water was needed to live, infection caused death. Only the fittest would survive. Adapt or die. And yet it had been more. The grit it took, the bloody will to simply survive, wasn’t something that could be easily studied. Living his hell, and studying his hell, would come back with two different theories. And it was the same with Addison. With the need he felt for her. It wasn’t about a biological need to reproduce, articulated through arousal, and stymied by condom use. It was a deep, immeasurable need. “Biology?” he asked, approaching her, brushing her hair back from her face before tugging hard, tilting her head back, exposing her throat. “What biological urge makes you want a man who is barely more than an animal, princess? A man who has no control with you?” He raised his hand and curled his fingers around her neck, still holding her hair tight. “Your pulse is beating fast,” he said, his voice thick, “not because you’re afraid. But because this gets you off. Because I make you hot. That right there is the opposite of self-preservation. And it’s as unscientific as it gets.” He lowered his hand, his own heart thundering a response to her fluttering pulse, the impression of it still left on his thumb. “You can’t explain this.” The corners of her lips turned up slightly, a sad look in her eyes. “I guess not.” And again, he felt that he was missing something. A key. Something essential. And if he could only figure out what it was… But then it was gone. And she smiled at him. “Does it have to make sense if the sex is great?” “I guess not,” he said. “Shall we go?” “Yes,” she said. “Let’s.” * The room was a sea of glitter. Familiar faces swimming in front of his eyes. The ballroom was packed with couture, jewels and nightmares from high-society events past. This room was full of ex-party friends, women he’d slept with—only once—and people who had seen him drunk or high, or similarly making an ass of himself. People who were a part of the old life. The old him. He pulled Addison more closely to his side. The hold, for everyone out there, would appear proprietary. In reality, it was to keep the floor beneath his feet. This was the life he’d been avoiding. The room of people he hadn’t wanted to face. It was putting both feet back in this world, instead of keeping one on the island. And he didn’t know how to do that. You do it with Addison. He shook the thought off, moving deeper into the room, with Addison kept firmly at his side. “Are you okay?” she asked, her words quiet. “I am not going to run out of the room or injure any innocent bystanders,” he said. Okay was possibly a step too far. “That’s a start.” He moved through the words of his speech in his mind. Inauthentic words that meant less than nothing to him. But then, all of this meant less than nothing to him. He did it for a mother he could barely look at, a legacy that he felt detached from. He did it because he had to be the testament to survival, the miracle everyone saw him as. Because other people had died. And he lived. And that meant he had to find a way to make the living he was doing work. To be the person he had to be. And if it choked him, he would accept that. He didn’t deserve to live for himself. Not anymore.
Page :72 of 146 
A familiar face separated from the sea of black and started moving toward them. Austin Treffen. Logan had a feeling this wasn’t going to end well for him. “Addison,” Austin said, not bothering to greet Logan. “I’m surprised to see that your internship duties required you to come as Mr. Black’s date.” He felt Addison stiffen beside him. “It wasn’t required, Austin, I elected to come as his date. Since I’m dating him.” His stomach clenched tight. Dating. If only that were the word for it. If only he could offer her something so mundane, so normal. Austin’s eyes locked on to his. “You’re lucky we’re in public right now, and I have no desire to attach any more scandal to the family name for the sake of my mother and sister.” “Lucky me,” Logan said, not taking his hand off Addison. He deserved Austin’s contempt, and he knew it. He had corrupted her. He used her in ways no man wanted his sister used, no matter that Addison liked it. He had a sister, and in Austin’s position, he might have done the same once. Back when he’d been able to care about such things. He might have pushed the double standard aside and railed at whatever man dared to defile the woman he still saw as a girl. “You bastard,” Austin said, keeping his voice low. “I let her go to work for you. I trusted you. You’re in a position of power and she—” “Is not a child, Austin,” Addison said, her eyes blazing, her voice even, and quiet. “I’m with him because I want to be. So spare me your posturing and older brother crap, will you?” “Addison…” “This is my life. And it was my choice to keep my relationship with Logan a secret, so I won’t even apologize for that. And now we aren’t keeping it a secret. And no, he’s not going to marry me. But honestly get off your high horse. You didn’t marry every woman you slept with, so don’t act morally wounded now.” “It’s because of who I am,” Logan said, understanding Austin and his anger completely. “Because I’m older. Because he knows I’m taking advantage of you.” “You aren’t, though,” she said. “You’ve never lied to me.” No. He’d just taken from her. And taken, and taken, sating himself and not giving a damn what he left her with. He’d let the selfish part of his soul out again, to play with her. And in the end, he would walk away because it was all he could do. Austin knew that. Austin hated him for it. He had every right to hate him for it. Logan hated himself for it. But he hated himself all the time, so he might as well have Addison. “No, I haven’t. But that’s not really the problem,” Logan said. “I’m not having this conversation right now,” Addison said. “My entire life has been for other people. And this isn’t. It’s not for you. It’s not even for him,” she said. “Most important, it’s not about our name, or our family. I’ve taken enough crap that wasn’t mine. I’ll happily deal with what I earn. And we’ll talk later. Tell Katy I said hi.” Logan expected Austin to take a swing at him, or to at least continue standing there looking menacing. But instead he nodded to his sister, then leaned in and kissed her on the cheek. “We’ll talk when you’re ready,” he said, then gave Logan a short nod and turned and walked away. “Well, since I wasn’t in the mood to get my face caved in, I’m happy to have avoided it. If only because I have a speech to give.” “And because you don’t deserve to get punched in the face,” she said. “Oh, honey, I do. And a hell of a lot more than that. If your brother wanted to stab me in the back, it would be no less than I deserved.” “For what?” “Screwing with you like I have been. And for every other sin that came before you.” “You have to stop this, Logan,” she said, pleading with him, her words going deep. To a place he didn’t think she’d seen. “You have to stop punishing yourself.” Something turned over in his head. A card that had been there facedown. And now he could read it clearly. He could do nothing but punish himself. And he hadn’t been. He’d been forgetting. He’d been letting go. And holding on to her. Suddenly he heard a voice coming over the speakers. His mother. She was standing at the podium, her blond hair glistening beneath the lights. All grace and poise as she spoke about his father. About her late husband and everything he’d built the company to be. And how now the torch was being passed to her son.
Page :73 of 146 
A son who was born for this position, who had endured a trial by fire and emerged strong. Who had conquered tragedy to be here. He gritted his teeth, balling his hands into fists. He’d conquered no tragedy. He’d caused tragedy. Left death and devastation in his wake. Just as there was no miracle, he was no great conqueror. He was a villain. He deserved no celebration. He was a killer. Selfish. Evil. He knew what he was. Even if no one here did. Why didn’t his mother wonder? Why didn’t she ask why he didn’t come visit more often? Did she suspect? That looking at her, that seeing her joy, her love, her happiness at his return burned him because he deserved for her to look on him with disgust? And the way Addison looked at him… Addison. Who knew everything. Addison, whose eyes sent him messages he couldn’t read. That he was afraid to read. “And now my son, and the CEO of Black Properties, has a few words to say regarding the new property and the direction of the company. I’m sure we’re all anxious to hear his ideas.” His ideas carefully worded by someone else. His ideas already approved by his mother. She wasn’t waiting to hear what he had to say, because the speech writer had sent it all to her first. Because he was here to be the man she wanted. To fulfill the vision she saw him fulfilling. He released his hold on Addison, his body cold where she’d been, his heart rate increasing as he got farther away from her. He needed her. Damn. He needed her, and it wasn’t fair to her. And it wasn’t right for him to have her. Logan, please… Shit. Oh, shit. He didn’t need to hear Kelly now. He couldn’t breathe. He swallowed hard and made his way to the podium, the crowd closing in. People closing in. He stepped up onto the podium and looked at his mother. He tried to force a smile, but he found he’d lost control of the muscles in his face. That he couldn’t remember which ones to command to create the expression anyway. “Are you all right, dear?” his mother asked, quietly, her expression one of concern. Of course you’re all right. She can’t see you as anything but. He swallowed hard and nodded, moving to the podium and facing out toward the crowd. “Good evening,” he said, black spots flashing before his vision. He saw through the sea of people, saw pale skin and red lips. His focus going to Addison. Her lips moved. Breathe. It looked as if she said breathe. And he did. The spots started to fade. The words he’d memorized started coming to him, falling into order, rolling off his tongue. Memorization he could do. This he could do. He knew it. He didn’t have to feel it, or think it. He only had to say it. He didn’t suppose he was managing to be engaging. He could hear the rough, overly monotone sound to his own voice. Could feel it in the set stillness of his face. But he was still speaking. He was still going. And the speech was being said. He was standing at the head of the room. In his father’s place. Saying what was expected. Doing what was expected. In shoes, no less. He kept his eyes on her, his words fading into the background. She filled the moment. Filled the space. In his head, in his chest. He was afraid whatever it was would break through, tear him open and let everything dark and dirty that was in him spill out in front of all the people here. Because all this, the good that Addison filled him with couldn’t exist alongside the ugliness that was in him. She was pure light, and it couldn’t exist alongside the darkness. He was saying something about the brownstones. About future projects. Growth and profits, green builds and some other crap. And he didn’t care. He couldn’t even make sense of it. He didn’t want to. He just wanted to watch her. Because this was the end, and in that moment he understood it. Austin had seen just how unsuited they were. How unfair of a match it was. How much he took. There she was, pale and drawn and concerned for him. For his wounds, wounds that he’d ultimately inflicted on himself. She was the one trying to heal a man who hadn’t slept in a bed all night for four years until last night. The woman who was letting him hold on to her as they walked through a crowd. A woman who was broken and bleeding inside because of her own issues. Issues she was pushing down so she could deal with his. I don’t even know who I am. And so he was taking advantage of her brokenness, and reshaping her into something that would fit his life. But Addison Treffen wasn’t made to live in the shadows. She couldn’t spend her life shut in his opulent prison, on call for him. For wild bouts of rough, uncontrolled sex. So he could hold on to the island, and to her, and to his sanity. So he could try and fit all these things into his life that simply didn’t fit.
Page :74 of 146 
He couldn’t hold her in that hell. He could barely stand it; why should she? She should be free. Of her father. Of the Treffen name. Of him. He hadn’t been able to save Kelly. But he could save Addison. He just had to make the unselfish choice. He had to choose her instead of him. He looked away from her, guilt, a presence so constant he’d thought himself immune, forcing him to break their eye contact. He didn’t deserve her help. He didn’t deserve what she did for him. He reached the end of the words he had in his head, and he hoped that it was the end of the speech, and not a mental block. But ultimately it didn’t matter. People started moving. Clapping. It was his cue to wave or smile. He did neither. He walked off the stage and back into the crowd. Someone grabbed his arm, to stop him and speak to him, most likely. He pulled away from them and kept walking. The floor was moving again. And he had to get out. He had to get away. Suddenly she was in front of him, her face serious. She put her hand on his cheek, and instantly he felt her calm seeping into him. He jerked back as if she’d hit him. “Are you okay?” she asked. “I have to go,” he said. “I’m done here. This is done.” He moved through the people, all of whom were staring. And he just didn’t give a damn. He couldn’t breathe. He couldn’t think. He pushed open the double doors that separated the ballroom from the lobby, and tore his tie off, wrenched his collar open, a button popping off and rolling across the marble floor. “Logan!” she called after him, her high heels clicking on the floor. “I said…” He stopped and turned, his entire chest seizing up, holding tight to the feelings she’d poured into him earlier, trying to keep them from escaping because after this, they wouldn’t be there at all, she wouldn’t be there. “…this is done.” “Have you called your driver? I’m ready to leave if you are.” “No, Addison,” he said, his throat clamping down hard, trying to keep him from speaking. “We’re done.” “What?” “We. Are. Done.” “I don’t understand.” “You said yourself, only a half hour ago, that you knew I wasn’t going to marry you, so don’t stand there looking doe-eyed and shocked.” “Logan,” she said, her voice a fierce whisper. “I know that it was never going to be that, but we’re not done. This isn’t done.” He charged forward, his body shaking with adrenaline, with need. He wanted to pull her against him. To kiss her. Stake a claim on her that could never be undone. He wouldn’t let himself, but he kept moving forward. She backed up, her eyes wide. With fear. Fear of him. Good. She should be afraid of him. She should never have let him touch her the way she did. She should want to run. Because he was dangerous to her. Not to her body. He would never hurt her exquisite, beautiful body. But her soul—and she had a soul—that he would destroy. He would tear pieces off to fuel his own existence, until he consumed it all. Left her with nothing. It cost her to be with him. And it was something he’d been ignoring. And it was something he could no longer allow to go on. Her back hit the wall and he pressed his hands against it, caging her, her scent, her warmth, teasing him, taunting him with what he couldn’t have. He slipped his hand around her neck, felt her pulse flutter beneath his thumb. Steady. Real. Strong. He had taken the life of a woman before. Felt it drain from her beneath his hands. He would be damned if he did the same to Addison. Even if it wouldn’t be a physical death, it would be a death. And she’d been through enough. He had no right to have his hands on her like this even now, and yet he found himself savoring the moment. The smooth texture of her skin. The evidence of her life. Evidence he hadn’t destroyed her entirely. He moved his thumb across her pulse. Just one more beat. Two more. Then he would release her. She just stood still, her eyes wide, filling with tears. What a bastard he was, to touch her now. To draw strength from her now. “I don’t want you anymore,” he said, the words scraping his throat raw, his hand tightening on her. “You’re a liar,” she whispered, a teat sliding down her cheek. “Don’t,” he bit out. “Don’t shed any tears for me.” Another tear escaped, defiant. Angry. “I will shed tears for whoever and whatever I want, Logan Black. I won’t hold them in to make you comfortable. To make anyone comfortable. I belong to myself,” she ground out, jerking away from his hold. “Not to you. Not to my father. Not to my brother and not to the Treffen empire. I am my own. And I will weep when I damn well please, and laugh when I see fit. I will not be who they want me to be, or who or what you want me to be.”
Page :75 of 146 
“You don’t have to be,” he said, stepping away. “Because I’m not your problem anymore. I will have your things sent to the address of your choosing.” “Why?” she asked. “Why are you doing this? So you can go back to being alone? So you can go back to sleeping on the floor, unable to look out a window? I don’t understand, Logan.” “That’s the beautiful thing, Addison. I am no longer your problem. You don’t have to understand.” “You never left the island,” she said, shaking her head. “And now that you feel like you have? You’re desperately swimming back to the shore. And I want to know why.” You never left the island. “I was playing a game with you. Playing at being someone else. At being a man who could have something…No one else left, Addison. Why the hell should I? Answer that question.” “Because you aren’t dead,” she shouted, the words echoing in the empty corridor. “You’re breathing. Your heart is beating. Have some respect for that. You said you were selfish. You said you would always choose yourself, but you’re choosing to be a corpse. And that’s not the same thing.” “I’m selfish,” he said. “And the fact that you’ve seemed to convince yourself otherwise is just another reason you should walk away. I would drain you until there was nothing left, and cast you aside. I can’t love you. I can’t give to you. Being with me will be your ruin.” “That’s my choice to make.” “No, it’s mine.” He turned and started to walk away. “Logan…please,” she said, her words broken. He turned to her, a past plea mingling with hers. Salt in the open wound that was festering in his chest. An infection that was killing him, as surely as Kelly’s had killed her. Logan, please. She’d begged him. Begged him to make her pain end because it was the only fix for the situation they were in. A situation he had put them in. She’d begged for death at his hands. But before he’d ever touched her, he had sentenced her. Everyone on the boat. He looked into Addison’s eyes and he saw…caring. For him. For a monster. He turned away again. “Coward,” Addison said. “You aren’t afraid of what you can’t give. You’re afraid of what being with me will force you to do. You’re afraid to move on.” “Maybe you’re just afraid to accept the fact that the novelty of fucking a virgin has worn off for me,” he spat. He could hear her sharp, indrawn breath. The sob that followed. He hated himself. He had hated himself for four years. But this was a new low. A new depth to it. But if he stayed, it would be worse. For her. For him. He walked away. Out of the building and into the cold. And even though it nearly killed him, he never once looked back. Addison stood in the empty lobby of one of Logan’s biggest hotels, her hands shaking. Her entire body shaking. Yes, she’d known he didn’t love her back. That it wasn’t going to last forever. She had. She really had. She’d known it would end. But not today. She hadn’t been ready for it to end today. Or tomorrow. And she knew that cycle would go on and on, because there would never be a good day to lose him. The man who’d helped her find her strength. The man who’d helped her find herself. The man who was sinking into the darkness and wouldn’t let anyone pull him out. She heard doors open behind her, and saw her brother, his fiancée, Katy, at his side. “What happened?” he asked. “Nothing,” she said. “He…left. And, um…I think I need a place to stay for a little while. Until I…get it together. And…figure out when I’m going back to school and things.” Katy frowned. “Are you okay?” Addison shook her head. “No. But…what else is new?” Katy grabbed her and put her arm around her shoulders, squeezing tight. “You can come stay with us.” Addison laughed. “Austin’s been avoiding that.” “And I regret it now,” he said, his lips thin, his expression grim. “Don’t, Austin,” she said, starting to shiver now, in spite of the warmth of Katy’s arm. “We both have way too many things we regret that we didn’t even do. So don’t waste time regretting any of my romantic choices. He was my mistake to make.” Even as she spoke the words, she didn’t believe he was a mistake. How could she regret him? Even while her insides felt as if they’d been torn into bloody shreds, how could she regret him?
Page :76 of 146 
Because of him, she was strong enough to handle this. To handle the pain he was meting out. Ironic. But she’d stepped into this storm of her own free will. She’d opened up her chest and invited the lighting and thunder in. But instead of making her crumble, she was standing. She was hurting, but she was standing. She wasn’t just hurting, she was bleeding out. Feeling it with every bit of herself. But there was freedom in it. In this unmitigated pain. Because it was real. She was real. There was no artifice left, nothing in place to protect her. The cost of freedom. Of authenticity. It was worth it. All the pain. Everything. He had been worth it. Austin swallowed, his Adam’s apple bobbing up and down. “I wish we didn’t have to go through crap like that, but I guess we all do.” “I know I did,” Katy said. “Because you were an ass to me.” “For your own good.” “Bleah,” she said, then looked at Addison. “It’s about him. It’s not about you.” “I know,” Addison said. “But that’s what’s so sad.” “Yeah,” Katy said, sighing heavily. “I know that feeling.” “Why am I not surprised my brother put you through crap?” “How did this become about me?” Austin asked. “Because, darling,” Katy said, “your general dickheadedness that time you broke up with me is part of the beautiful tapestry of our relationship.” Addison tried to laugh, but it didn’t really work. “Let’s go,” Austin said. “No point in hanging around. I’ll have your things collected.” “He’s sending them.” “Then I will happily send the address to the hotel,” Austin said, sounding more homicidal than happy. “We’ll get through this, Addison. All of it.” Addison managed a slight smile. “I know.” Though she wondered if, for her, getting through this meant accepting that this pain had become a part of who she was. Just as Logan had become a part of her. Because as she’d changed, she’d formed in a way that allowed him to fit perfectly into her life. Into who she was. She was only sorry he hadn’t done the same. Chapter Sixteen Logan punched the bag in the middle of the room, his muscles screaming, blood dripping from his knuckles, splattering onto the bag, rolling down his forearms. He didn’t care. He didn’t care at all. He’d been in here for hours. Sit-ups, pull-ups, rope climbing. Trying to burn through the pain. Trying to make his body hurt more than his heart. Until sweat ran down his face, giving him the feeling of tears without getting the satisfaction of shedding any. He’d cried every last tear he’d ever had on an island far off the coast of South America. And none since. Not since the night Kelly died. No since the night he’d helped her die. The night he’d killed her. It always came back to that. Logan, please. To that moment. The last person who’d come on board with him, dying instead of surviving. “Fuck,” he said, dropping to his knees. She was supposed to survive. She’d made it to shore with him. His redemption. She’d been his redemption and then…he’d taken his own salvation when she begged. But there was no glory in it. In fulfilling her final request. It had left him with nothing but an empty hole in his chest. It had left him alone. It had changed everything in him. “It should have been me,” he said. “It should have been!” He shouted the last part and it echoed off the walls. But there was no answer to it. There never had been. You never left the island. No. He hadn’t. How the hell could he? They hadn’t left. His friends, the crew, Kelly. Lost to the accident and he remained. How did that work? He hadn’t been worth it. He had never done anything to deserve to escape the fate everyone else had suffered. Not before and not since. He leaned forward, his forehead resting on the carpet, his breathing hard, uneven. He was alone. Except for Addison. Addison had reached into the darkness. Addison had touched him. Addison had tried to save him. But he didn’t deserve her. She was a part of a life he couldn’t have. She made him forget. He couldn’t forget, because if he did…if he did it was as if they never existed. He had to live in those moments, exist in them always because they could never do anything else. Some would call that being a martyr, but he wasn’t dying for a cause. He was dying for his own sins. Again and again. Losing Addison was a fresh death. He deserved it. And more. He could never make amends.
Page :77 of 146 
You never left the island. And he never could. He never could. He closed his eyes, and all he could see was a hand reaching through the dark. A hand he couldn’t take. No matter how much he wanted to. He gritted his teeth against a new wave of pain as it washed over him. He’d imagined he’d left all feeling behind on that island. He’d come home and been nothing more than a shell. Hadn’t wanted anything. Not comfort. Not the touch of a woman. But it was all back now. And he knew, beyond anything, that he loved Addison Treffen. That she was the only thing on this earth that could save him. A man who didn’t deserve to be saved. A wretch who deserved nothing more than death. But if he went to her, it would damn her. If he put his sin on her, he might keep his head above water for a while, but he’d drown her. You’re not dead. He wasn’t dead. He sucked in a breath and rolled onto his back, gasping, spots in front of his vision. Pain washed through him, pain in his body. Pain in his soul. Rooting him to earth. Death was a release from pain. The dead didn’t hurt. And he was entirely, utterly filled with unrelenting pain. He wasn’t dead. And he loved Addison. She’d stripped him of it all, his control, his fear. The man he was, the man he’d been. She made him new. With her, he’d found something different entirely. Something elemental and real. First in a physical way, and then…and then emotionally. She’d set him free. Free of the prison that was his body. Free of the prison that was his mind. Free of the island. Finally. He pushed himself into a sitting position. He wasn’t dead. And maybe…there was no point in him being alive if he didn’t actually live. * Addison traipsed through her brother’s empty penthouse with a package of Skittles in her hand. She couldn’t even enjoy them. Because they were marred. Marred by her sadness. Marred because of Logan. Bastard. He’d broken her heart and her love of Skittles. Some things could be forgiven, but this wasn’t one of them. Three days. She’d been here for three days. Without any contact with Logan. She’d heard from Nora again—just that she wanted to set up a time when they could go and meet Louise to speak to her about Harlow. Which was good because they needed to make progress on that front, since the police were not helping and her family seemed to have bought in to the whole “off finding herself and multiple orgasms” thing. Maybe because that was what people expected of privileged girls in their early twenties, but Addison knew better than that. Harlow wasn’t that inconsiderate, and she wasn’t that flippant about her choices. Harlow was potentially in serious danger, and Addison was worrying about the state of her heart. Which was possibly terrible and selfish of her. But she couldn’t help it. She’d fallen in loved for the first time, had her whole world rocked, discovered sex and desire, and a layer of darkness that she’d never conceived could be in someone. And a level of strength and grim determination to survive she’d never known was possible. She’d wanted to save him. She’d ended up saving herself. The Addison who hid behind everyone else, everyone else’s dreams and accomplishments, the names and reputations of others, was gone. The Addison who lived to make other people comfortable didn’t exist anymore. The Addison who would have been horrified by today’s headline—calling her a social climber, attaching herself to one of New York’s biggest businessmen to try and reclaim her reputation—was gone. She’d come out the other side different. Changed. But dammit, she’d wanted to save him. And he wouldn’t let her. Before she realized what she was doing, she cocked her arm back and threw the bag of Skittles across the room, hitting a shiny black vase up on a clear glass table. It fell and shattered, black splinters spraying over the hard floor. “Argh!” she screamed. She was just in ruining-everything mode. Except no, she hadn’t ruined what she and Logan shared. He had. He had, the bastard, and she hadn’t even gotten a chance to tell him that she loved him. What good would it have done? He would know. He would know that someone loved him. That someone knew everything and wanted him, no matter what. That there was a place for him in her heart. Every broken piece of him. She took a deep breath, pressure building in her. She had to tell him. Even if it humiliated her. Even if he turned her away. She had to tell him. She took a deep breath and headed toward the door, then stopped cold when she heard a knock. There hadn’t been a buzz or any other signal that someone was here. Maybe Austin or Katy had come back for something?
Page :78 of 146 
“Who is it?” “Logan.” Her heart dropped to her feet, the breath rushing from her lungs. “Logan?” She would call it coincidental that he was here, because she’d just been thinking about him. But she was always thinking about him. Every minute from the moment he’d walked into her life. She rushed to the door and opened it, then just stared. There he was. So tall and broad and sexy and yet somehow looking like the very definition of hell. “You’re very mobile these days.” “When I have proper motivation.” “You look…awful. And what are you doing here?” “Thanks,” he said, walking past her and into the room, pacing back and forth like an animal in a cage. That was the very first thought she’d had about him when she first saw him, and it hadn’t changed. “Answer. The. Question,” she ground out. “Did you have an accident in here?” he asked, gesturing to the glass. “Yes, I broke a vase. With Skittles. Obviously. Now, why are you here exactly?” He rounded on her and moved to her, putting his hands on her arms and pulling her in close. “I am here because I needed to see you. Because no matter that I should leave you alone, I can’t seem to function without you. So here I am.” “For more therapy? To lose control with me, just for a while? Until you’re ready to get rid of me, of course.” “No,” he said, his voice rough. “Not for that. Well…dammit, yes for that. For all that, except the getting rid of you. But for more too. Addison, there’s so much more.” “What?” she asked, her voice strangled. “What else is there?” “I’m not dead,” he said, the words filled with desperation, wonder. “I know.” “But I didn’t. Or…I did but I thought so much that I should be that I started to believe it. You were right. I was on the island still. But not by accident. Not because I couldn’t move on. But because I didn’t feel like I should. Because I felt that I didn’t deserve it. That I couldn’t ever…I have spent the past two years determined to live my life for everyone else.” “That’s my whole life, Logan. Until you.” “Addison…I just…I need to say this. I don’t know if I’ll ever let go of the guilt. The regrets. The what-ifs. I’ve been consumed by the darkness of it. The pain. Especially Kelly. She was with me, and I wasn’t alone. And she became my chance to…redeem what had happened. If she lived, then we triumphed. Then the loss of everyone in the water was…bearable maybe? I don’t even know what I thought because it all got distorted somewhere along the way. In those years by myself. When she begged me to end her life, I did. And that action not only made me alone…it made me see myself as an animal. Not a man. And I lived that way for all those years. In hell for what I had done. My fit punishment. And then I was rescued. Brought up out of the pit, but I felt so much like I couldn’t accept it. So I’ve…banished myself to purgatory. Not in hell and not here. So that I never forget. So that I pay. So that I remember what I have done.” “No, Logan, don’t,” she said. “Don’t stay there anymore. Come into the light with me. I forgive you, and I know they aren’t my sins to forgive, but I do. And I know everything. The whole truth. I see everything that is dark in you and I love you anyway.” “No,” he said, lowering his head, his voice rough, choked. “You can’t. You can’t love me.” “I do.” “Why?” he asked, desperation lacing his words. “I have given you nothing but pain. It’s all I ever give. All I ever can give. I’m broken.” “So am I. But you…you never asked me not to be. You never asked me to be anyone but who I am. You let me work though all these…things. These things I’m still working through. You made me feel like I could be myself and it would be okay. That I could cry for my father when I wanted to and hate him when I wanted to. You made me want to stop being quiet, stop protecting myself. So that I could live. And that’s what I want for you. Even if you can’t love me, I want you to live. Fully. Like you’ve inspired me to do.” “If I can’t love you?” “I know that the island…that it changed things in you. I know you might not be able to give me what I want. Hell, you might not want to. But I love you either way. You need to know that. I need you to know that.” “Addison, I love you so much it killed me to walk away from you. And I’ve seen death. I’ve felt it. When I say it killed me, I say it with all the weight the word deserves. With all the pain, the fear and the despair. The utter hopelessness of it. Leaving you, being without you, was the hardest thing I have ever done. And again, that has weight coming from me.”
Page :79 of 146 
“Then why did you…you love me? Why did you leave me? Why did you say all those horrible, insulting, vile…” “I had to,” he said. “Because when I was up there giving that speech, resigning myself to a life I hated, to a punishment I richly deserve, I realized the stress I put on you. That I was drawing all my strength from you and giving you none in return. I realized I would take everything from you. That I was using you, those moments where we were out of control together, to find the strength to deal with life. And I love you too much to do that. Unless…” He took a breath. “Unless I can change. Addison, you make me want to change. You make me want to live, not the life I feel I have to. Not the punishment. You make me want to get off the island. To find freedom, not just in bed, but everywhere. To leave the ghosts in the grave. And I don’t know…” He took a sharp breath, his eyes glossy. “I don’t know if I can ever be all that you deserve. But I feel like…if you want to be with me, if you still love me, then you need me far more than any of the people I left behind. And I’ll be here for you, and not there with the dead.” “Oh, Logan. I want that. I want you. I want to be with you for…forever. I know that’s crazy. Or maybe it isn’t. Because I will never find anyone else who fits me this way. Because I was remade with you. Or maybe made for the first time. And now there is no one else for me, and I don’t want there to be. It’s you, Logan Black. Always you.” “A man like me? An animal? A killer?” “A survivor. You aren’t selfish. You aren’t a killer. And you know that, but you have to tell yourself that you are to keep yourself safe. You keep yourself in check, don’t you?” He nodded slowly. “Yes.” “Because if you let yourself see it all for what it is, that’s when you move on. And you’re afraid to do that.” “I’ve never felt like I deserved it.” “But you do. You didn’t cause the storm. You didn’t cause her injury. You did what you could for a scared, dying friend who cried out to you in pain. And you suffered every moment for it. Don’t trick yourself anymore. Don’t lie to yourself and say that you did it for your own survival.” “I was afraid I might have,” he said. “All that time alone and it gets…confusing. And I…It was easier alone. Easier without someone who was injured.” “I know. But harder too. And you have suffered every day. It’s time to stop now. It’s time to rest. I’ve already forgiven you. I was never angry. But you need to forgive yourself.” Logan looked down at Addison, at the love shining from her. And for the first time, he saw what he’d given to her. Not just what he took. “Addison…Help me.” “I love you,” she said. “Forgive yourself. If not for you, then start by doing it for me. For us.” He took a breath. “I forgive myself.” A tear rolled down his cheek. Finally the release he needed. One that couldn’t be found in the gym. Only with her. “I’m ready to be here. I’m ready to be with you. All with you. I love you so much, with no part of me held back.” “Oh, Logan.” She wrapped her arms around him, her face buried in his neck, her tears on his skin. “I love you. I love you. And I will never get tired of saying it.” “I will never get tired of hearing it.” “I’m yours,” she said. “No…Addison, I’m yours.” Epilogue “All right, what are we doing up here?” she asked. “We,” he said, “are about to see your surprise.” “So you said.” Addison crossed her arms beneath her breasts and followed him up the curvy, dirt road. This morning Logan had proclaimed that he had a surprise and had ferreted her out of bed way too early for her liking. He was getting more confident in his ability to go places, and he’d been taking full advantage of that fact. “And that’s all I’m saying until we get there,” he said. “Well, I have to be back in time to meet with Nora and Louise. And considering this is the only way we’re going to find anything out about Harlow, it’s important. So your surprise can’t take too long.” “I promise, it will be a concise surprise.” “I look forward to finding out what that means.” They rounded the corners, and the trees parted, a massive Victorian-style home coming into view. “What is this?” she asked, looking at him. “Logan…what is this?”
Page :80 of 146 
“I want to invest in a new property. It won’t be part of Black Properties. It’s…for you. You’ll pay me back, obviously. I would give it to you as a gift, but I know you’d balk at that. So it’s…just an investment. In what I know will be the most successful and luxurious bed-and-breakfast in upstate New York.” “You’re investing in your competition?” “Yes. But it’s not the only thing about us that doesn’t make sense on the surface.” “And you’re…giving me this? Investing in this for me?” “Yes. You’re almost done with your degree. And this is what you wanted.” “Logan…I don’t even know what to say…” “I hope you won’t say ‘I changed my mind. I was planning on becoming a lawyer.’” “No! No…this is…this is for me. I have something for me. And I know what I want. It’s amazing.” “Good. That was part one. I know that it wasn’t strictly a present, but the rest is.” “What? I don’t think I can handle anymore!” Her head was swimming, her heart full. “There’s a house on the property, back behind the house, more up in the mountains. It’s…the kind of place I’ve always seen myself happiest. The kind of place I would, ideally, like to continue to manage Black’s from.” “Really?” she asked, her throat suddenly dry. “Yes. And that I did buy for you. For us. Along with this.” He reached into his interior jacket pocket and pulled out a small velvet box. “Now the B and B is yours without obligation. But I’m living in the house either way. So if you say no, things could get awkward.” “I am not going to say no!” She wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him hard on the lips. “I love you.” “You haven’t seen the ring.” “I don’t need to. I’ve seen the man. And he’s the only thing I really need.”
Page :81 of 146 

Page :82 of 146 

Page :83 of 146 

Page :84 of 146 

Page :85 of 146 

Page :86 of 146 

Page :87 of 146 

Page :88 of 146 

Page :89 of 146 

Page :90 of 146 

Page :91 of 146 

Page :92 of 146 

Page :1 of 146 

Page :2 of 146 

Page :3 of 146 

Page :4 of 146 

Page :5 of 146 

Page :6 of 146 

Page :7 of 146 

Page :8 of 146 

Page :9 of 146 

Page :10 of 146 

Page :11 of 146 

Page :12 of 146 

Page :13 of 146 

Page :14 of 146 

Page :15 of 146 

Page :16 of 146 

Page :17 of 146 

Page :18 of 146 

Page :19 of 146 

Page :20 of 146 

Page :21 of 146 

Page :22 of 146 

Page :23 of 146 

Page :24 of 146 

Page :25 of 146 

Page :26 of 146 

Page :27 of 146 

Page :28 of 146 

Page :29 of 146 

Page :30 of 146 

Page :31 of 146 

Page :32 of 146 

Page :33 of 146 

Page :34 of 146 

Page :35 of 146 

Page :36 of 146 

Page :37 of 146 

Page :38 of 146 

Page :39 of 146 

Page :40 of 146 

Page :41 of 146 

Page :42 of 146 

Page :43 of 146 

Page :44 of 146 

Page :45 of 146 

Page :46 of 146 

Page :47 of 146 

Page :48 of 146 

Page :49 of 146 

Page :50 of 146 

Page :51 of 146 

Page :52 of 146 

Page :53 of 146 

Page :54 of 146 

Page :55 of 146 

Page :56 of 146 

Page :57 of 146 

Page :58 of 146 

Page :59 of 146 

Page :60 of 146 

Page :61 of 146 

Page :62 of 146 

Page :63 of 146 

Page :64 of 146 

Page :65 of 146 

Page :66 of 146 

Page :67 of 146 

Page :68 of 146 

Page :69 of 146 

Page :70 of 146 

Page :71 of 146 

Page :72 of 146 

Page :73 of 146 

Page :74 of 146 

Page :75 of 146 

Page :76 of 146 

Page :77 of 146 

Page :78 of 146 

Page :79 of 146 

Page :80 of 146 

Page :81 of 146 

Page :82 of 146 

Page :83 of 146 

Page :84 of 146 

Page :85 of 146 

Page :86 of 146 

Page :87 of 146 

Page :88 of 146 

Page :89 of 146 

Page :90 of 146 

Page :91 of 146 

Page :92 of 146 

Page :93 of 146 

Page :94 of 146 

Page :95 of 146 

Page :96 of 146 

Page :97 of 146 

Page :98 of 146 

Page :99 of 146 

Page :100 of 146 

Page :101 of 146 

Page :102 of 146 

Page :103 of 146 

Page :104 of 146 

Page :105 of 146 

Page :106 of 146 

Page :107 of 146 

Page :108 of 146 

Page :109 of 146 

Page :110 of 146 

Page :111 of 146 

Page :112 of 146 

Page :113 of 146 

Page :114 of 146 

Page :115 of 146 

Page :116 of 146 

Page :117 of 146 

Page :118 of 146 

Page :119 of 146 

Page :120 of 146 

Page :121 of 146 

Page :122 of 146 

Page :123 of 146 

Page :124 of 146 

Page :125 of 146 

Page :126 of 146 

Page :127 of 146 

Page :128 of 146 

Page :129 of 146 

Page :130 of 146 

Page :131 of 146 

Page :132 of 146 

Page :133 of 146 

Page :134 of 146 

Page :135 of 146 

Page :136 of 146 

Page :137 of 146 

Page :138 of 146 

Page :139 of 146 

Page :140 of 146 

Page :141 of 146 
